S-1 1 d32231ds1.htm S-1
Table of Contents
As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2021.
Registration No. 333-            
      UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
    FORM S-1
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
    Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
      Delaware   6770   86-1488707
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)   (Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)   (I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
Attn: General Counsel (SPAC)
Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co.
2128 Sand Hill Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
(650) 376-8500
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
    Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co.
2128 Sand Hill Rd
Menlo Park, CA 94025
(650) 376-8500
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
    Copies to:
  Jim Morrone
Sarah Axtell
Brian Paulson
Latham & Watkins LLP
505 Montgomery Street, Suite 2000
San Francisco, California 94111
(415) 395-8010
  Ryan J. Maierson
Latham & Watkins LLP
811 Main Street, Suite 3700
Houston, Texas 77002
(713) 546-5400
  Gregg A. Noel
Michael Schwartz
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
525 University Avenue
Palo Alto, California 94301
(650) 470-4500
    Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box.  ☐
If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  ☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  ☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
  Large accelerated filer   ☐    Accelerated filer   ☐
Non-accelerated filer   ☒    Smaller reporting company   ☒
     Emerging growth company   ☒
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act.  ☐
    CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
    Title of Each Class of
Security Being Registered
  Amount
Being
Registered
  Proposed
Maximum
Offering Price
per Security(1)
  Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering Price(1)
  Amount of
Registration Fee
Shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value(2)
  34,500,000 shares   $10.00   $345,000,000   $37,640
Total
          $345,000,000   $37,640
    (1)
Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(a) under the Securities Act.
(2)
Includes 4,500,000 shares of Class A common stock that may be issued upon exercise of a 45-day option granted to the underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any.
(3)
Pursuant to Rule 416(a), there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be offered or issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.
    The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
      Table of Contents
The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
  SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED FEBRUARY 12, 2021
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co.
$300,000,000
30,000,000 Shares
of Class A Common Stock
    Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. is a newly incorporated blank check company whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to focus our search for a target business addressing a large market opportunity with a highly differentiated, proprietary technology.
This is an initial public offering of shares of our Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which we refer to as our public shares, at an initial public offering price per share of $10.00. The underwriters have a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional public shares to cover over-allotments, if any. Unlike other initial public offerings of special purpose acquisition companies, investors in this offering will not receive any warrants (which would typically become exercisable following completion of our initial business combination).
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of our Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. If we have not completed an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or 27 months from the closing of this offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem 100% of the public shares for cash, subject to applicable law and certain conditions as described herein.
Our sponsor, Khosla Ventures SPAC Sponsor LLC (our “sponsor”), has agreed to purchase 900,000 shares of Class A common stock (or 990,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per share, in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of this offering. The private placement shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus.
Our sponsor currently owns 5,000,000 shares of our Class B common stock. We refer to these shares of Class B common stock throughout this prospectus as the Class B founder shares. The Class B founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination, at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Class B founder shares will equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 15% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class K founder shares and (z) any private placement shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of shares of our Class B common stock will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors.
Our sponsor also owns 5,000,000 shares of our Class K common stock. We refer to these shares of Class K common stock throughout this prospectus as the Class K founder shares, and we refer to these collectively with the Class B founder shares throughout this prospectus as the founder shares. Our shares of Class K common stock are non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus. The Class K founder shares will be convertible into shares of Class A common stock at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares (including both Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares) would equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 20%, 25% and 30% (based on varying triggers as discussed in more detail in this prospectus) of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any private placement shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of shares of our Class B common stock will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors.
Table of Contents
We have entered into a forward-purchase agreement pursuant to which                and                 (together, the “Khosla Entities”) have agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock (the “forward-purchase shares”) for $10.00 per share, or an aggregate maximum amount of $25,000,000, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. The proceeds from the sale of these forward-purchase shares, together with the amounts available to us from the trust account (after giving effect to any redemptions of public shares) and any other equity or debt financing obtained by us in connection with the business combination, will be used to satisfy the cash requirements of the business combination, including funding the purchase price and paying expenses and retaining specified amounts to be used by the post-business combination company for working capital or other purposes. To the extent that the amounts available from the trust account and other financing are sufficient for such cash requirements, the Khosla Entities may purchase less than 2,500,000 forward-purchase shares. The forward-purchase shares would be identical to the public shares being sold in this offering, except the forward-purchase shares would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights, as described herein.
Currently, there is no public market for our public shares. We intend to apply to have our public shares listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “KVSA” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our public shares will be approved for listing on Nasdaq.
    We are an “emerging growth company” and a “smaller reporting company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 38 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
       Per
Share      Total  
Public offering price
   $ 10.00      $ 300,000,000  
Underwriting discounts and commissions(1)
   $ 0.55      $ 16,500,000  
Proceeds, before expenses, to Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co.
   $ 9.45      $ 283,500,000  
  (1)
Includes $0.35 per share, or $10,500,000 (or up to $12,075,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in the aggregate payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein. The deferred commissions will be released to the underwriters only upon the completion of an initial business combination, as described in this prospectus. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Underwriting” for a description of compensation payable to the underwriters.
Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares described in this prospectus, $300.0 million or $345.0 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per share in either case), will be deposited into a segregated trust account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee, and approximately $3.0 million will be available to pay fees and expenses in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following the closing of this offering. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, the funds held in the trust account will not be released until the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination; (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or 27 months from the closing of this offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (c) the redemption of all of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or 27 months from the closing of this offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders.
The underwriters are offering the public shares for sale on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the public shares to the purchasers on or about                 , 2021.
    Book-Running Managers
  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC   Piper Sandler
The date of this prospectus is                , 2021
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  A LETTER FROM OUR TEAM
     ii  
SUMMARY
     1  
RISK FACTORS
     38  
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
     75  
USE OF PROCEEDS
     76  
DIVIDEND POLICY
     80  
DILUTION
     81  
CAPITALIZATION
     84  
MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     86  
PROPOSED BUSINESS
     92  
MANAGEMENT
     121  
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
     132  
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     135  
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
     137  
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
     150  
UNDERWRITING
     157  
LEGAL MATTERS
     164  
EXPERTS
     164  
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
     164  
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     F-1  
We are responsible for the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information, and we take no responsibility for any other information others may give to you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus.
  i
Table of Contents
A LETTER FROM OUR TEAM
At Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. (and at Khosla Ventures), we fundamentally believe that large problems require technology solutions as multipliers of resources. We believe that change depends on unreasonable people. We aim for revolutionary success, thrive on technological risk, and have the courage to ignore conventional wisdom as we invest in the future of reinvention.
Seven hundred million (or so) people live a rich lifestyle that seven billion people on this planet want. This desirable lifestyle is rich in energy, housing, healthcare, education, food, entertainment, and a clean environment. We believe that technology is required to meet this demand since increasing the supply of input components with current approaches would destroy the planet. We cannot simply increase the number of power plants, buildings, doctors, etc… by an order magnitude without depleting the world. Thus, societal reinvention requires resource multiplication in the form of new technologies. Technology, though not sufficient, is necessary and we strive to help entrepreneurs drive this large social change profitably. Technology based economic disruption in major segments of GDP is our business charter.
We believe this reinvention will be non-institutional given its inherent lack of certainty. Large corporations allocate capital in a risk-averse fashion which attenuates the impact of success. As a result, the largest innovations over the past half century have come from entrepreneurs. Thus, we believe reinvention requires non-linear thinking from entrepreneurial aspirations that have been allocated risk capital. As unusual as this seems, few large innovations in the last forty years have, in our opinion, been driven by institutions or traditional players. Amazon, not Walmart innovated retail. SpaceX and Rocketlabs, not Boeing or Lockheed innovated space. Twitter, Facebook, Youtube and Netflix, not CBS, NBC, Fox, or The New York Times innovated media. Genentech, not pharma companies, innovated biotechnology. Square, not American Express, innovated small business. Tesla and Waymo, not GM or VW, innovated automotive. AirBnB, not Hilton, innovated hotels. Doordash and Instacart, not Fedex or UPS, innovated delivery. Uber, not limo or taxi companies, innovated transit. Quantumscape, not Samsung or LG, innovated electric vehicle batteries. Impossible, not ADM innovated plant proteins. Healthcare innovation is essentially a startup world.
As we have discussed for many years, we believe there is large wealth creation and social good opportunities in this transformation of global GDP.
Although the reinvented future is not knowable, it is inevitable, inventable and discoverable through iterative refinement, a process that few are familiar with and that provides us an advantage. The mission of Khosla Ventures is to help entrepreneurs invent this future by investing in and assisting strong entrepreneurs and technologies. As George Bernard Shaw espouses, reasonable people adapt themselves to the world while the unreasonable person adapts the world to them. Human progress depends on the unreasonable person. More notably, as technology optimists, we believe that what can be imagined technologically can be invented entrepreneurially. This notion underpins the conviction in the Khosla Ventures approach. Khosla Ventures seek out high-impact innovations — “Black Swans” — with significant upside beyond the realm of normal expectations and Khosla Ventures has a track record of finding them. Khosla Ventures seeks out unfair advantages: proprietary and protected technological advances, business model innovations, unique partnerships, and top-notch “engineered” teams. Technology and new inventions have always shaped the human world, and have disrupted the way we live and work, and yet we are only at the beginning of an even larger cycle of innovation and disruption. Our team are among the few in the pole position for this race because of our experience with technology development and commercialization. We believe the future belongs to the dreamers who think of these unreasonable possibilities, who aren’t afraid of the high level of uncertainty, and who take bold and radical risks. We believe what can be imagined technologically can be invented. Non-institutional reinvention is a powerful means of increasing innovation, sustainable abundance, and eventually, accessibility. It all comes down to the fact that institutions extrapolate the past to predict the future, instead of reinventing the future the way entrepreneurs are able to.
  ii
Table of Contents
Most importantly, we believe that society is ripe for reinvention. New breakthroughs are plentiful given the tools of innovation that are reducing the costs of experimentation. Furthermore, the efficacy and abundance of these tools are also increasing. We believe that artificial intelligence, 3D manufacturing, CRISPR/Cas9, quantum computing, robotics, software, and dematerialization (to name a few) will be used as instruments of change and combined in novel ways leading to a hypercycle of innovation. Combined with older innovations such as the internet, cloud computing, open source software, and sensors, the universe of combinations is vast making our imaginations the limiting factor.
The immediate implications of these tools bring the future within striking distance. We believe that sectors such as healthcare will be completely transformed. For instance, almost eighty percent of a doctor’s labor will be automated by artificial intelligence. We realize that within a few years an oncologist is likely to be much easier to automate with AI than a nurse or a factory worker. This not only increases the human factor for patients, but fundamentally changes the entire notion of the “practice of medicine” to the “science of medicine”. We will no longer require patients to become symptomatic with Alzheimers and Diabetes as predictive tools are added to our arsenal. It is arcane that most cardiac disease is discovered in America when a patient has a heart attack when the disease likely started a decade earlier. We will and are trying to detect these diseases when they start a decade(s) earlier. Furthermore, we believe that industries viewed as ossified by conventional wisdom will be upended. Manufacturing will witness a dematerialization revolution with 3D printed homes with new materials that require less material but are more structurally cheaper and better. Inverting the supply chain from the far east with automation and $2/hour labor with robotics and AI will be a dominant trend. Even food and agriculture from proteins to greenhouses, will be revolutionized as new food production mechanisms reduce animal husbandry and attenuate the effects of greenhouse gases. From cement to aviation fuel to fusion reactors are all being reinvented.
Taken together, Khosla Ventures is more impassioned than ever about investing in the future and the wealth creation and impact it portends. By implementing this core thesis for almost two decades, not only have we been guided to financial success, but more importantly, significant impact on society.
Our team is focused on acquiring a company that fits within our core thesis as described above. Although there can be no assurance that we will acquire a company that meets all of the above criteria as discussed in the “Risk Factors”, we expect this offering will enable us to acquire and partner with bold companies consistent with our vision of the future to reinvent society.
Vinod Khosla
Founder, Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. and Managing Director, Khosla Ventures
    iii
Table of Contents
SUMMARY
This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing.
Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus, or the context otherwise requires, references to “we,” “us,” “our,” “company” or “our company” are to Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co., and references to:
    •  
“amended and restated certificate of incorporation” refers to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be entered into at the closing of this offering;
    •  
“Class B founder shares” are to shares of our Class B common stock initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to this offering and the shares of our Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of our Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of our Class A common stock will not be “public shares”);
    •  
“Class K founder shares” are to our shares of Class K common stock sold to our sponsor in a private placement prior to the closing of this offering and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class K common stock only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination, including specified strategic transactions and other triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00 per share and additional stock trading thresholds up to $50.00 per share, in each case, as described in this prospectus (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of Class A common stock will not be “public shares”);
    •  
“common stock” are to our Class A common stock, our Class B common stock and our Class K common stock, collectively;
    •  
“directors” are to our current directors and our director nominees named in this prospectus;
    •  
“equity-linked securities” are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock issued in connection with our initial business combination including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt;
    •  
“founder shares” are to our Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares;
    •  
“forward-purchase shares” are to shares of our Class A common stock to be issued to the Khosla Entities pursuant to the forward-purchase agreement;
    •  
“initial stockholders” are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to this offering;
    •  
“Khosla” are to Khosla Ventures, a leading venture capital firm that invests in high technology companies;
    •  
“management” or “management team” are to our executive officers and directors;
    •  
“period to consummate the initial business combination” are to the period within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or 27 months from the closing of this offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering;


  1
Table of Contents
  •  
“private placement shares” are to the shares to be issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering (which private placement shares are identical to the shares sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus) (for the avoidance of doubt, such private placement shares will not be “public shares”);
    •  
“public shares” are to shares of our Class A common stock sold in this offering;
    •  
“public stockholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor’s and each member of our management team’s status as a “public stockholder” will only exist with respect to such public shares;
    •  
“specified future issuance” are to an issuance of a class of equity or equity-linked securities to specified purchasers that we may determine to make in connection with financing our initial business combination;
    •  
“sponsor” are to Khosla Ventures SPAC Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in which certain of our officers and directors are beneficial owners; and
Registered trademarks referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.


  2
Table of Contents
Our Company
General
We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any potential business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target.
Our sponsor is affiliated with Khosla Ventures, LLC. Khosla Ventures manages a series of venture capital funds (such venture capital funds, along with Khosla Ventures, LLC, the “firm” or “Khosla Ventures”) that make early stage venture capital investments and provide strategic advice to entrepreneurs building companies with lasting significance. The firm was founded in 2004 by Vinod Khosla, co-founder of Sun Microsystems. With over $14.5 billion dollars of assets under management as of December 31, 2020, the firm focuses on a broad range of sectors including consumer, enterprise, financial services, health, artificial intelligence, agriculture/food, sustainable energy, space, 3D printing, VR/AR and robotics. The founding team of Vinod Khosla, Samir Kaul and David Weiden have been working together for over 15 years and recently raised a new family of funds at the end of 2020.
The mission of Khosla Ventures is to be “bold, early and impactful”. The Khosla Ventures team considers themselves to be technology optimists that believe, with time and focus, what can be imagined technologically reasonably can be invented. Khosla Ventures believes that we are only at the beginning of a new era of technology enabled inventions that will shape the human world and disrupt the way we live and work, with innovation in the areas of food, digitization, robotics, artificial intelligence, as a few examples, having the potential to achieve food abundance, reshape cities, knit humanity, and enhance human capability exponentially. Khosla Ventures seeks to partner with exceptional entrepreneurs leveraging technology to reinvent these big societal needs, and they have created a significant amount of value for their investors over 15+ years by doing so.
We intend to pursue opportunities with private, high-quality growth companies addressing large market opportunities with highly differentiated, proprietary technology. We will use our management team’s decades of combined experience in sourcing transactions, understanding and conducting due diligence on new breakthrough technologies and developing management teams in order to seek to identify and negotiate a combination with an exceptional business. Our management team has deep expertise across the following industries: food/agriculture, artificial intelligence, consumer, enterprise software, financial services, health, materials, robotics, space, energy storage, and transportation. Our expectation is that our ultimate target will be a category defining company that is leveraging disruptive technology in large and established markets led by exceptional management teams.
Khosla Ventures has a long track record of successfully investing early in category defining companies traditionally funded by venture capital firms across multiple industry verticals such as consumer (Doordash, Instacart, Opendoor), enterprise software (RingCentral, Okta, Nutanix and Gitlab), financial services (Square, Affirm and Stripe) and health (Guardant Health and Oscar). Additionally, Khosla Ventures has a long and successful track record of identifying large and attractive markets typically ignored or underinvested by venture capital and successfully identifying, investing early, incubating and / or building successful companies in these segments such as food & agriculture (Impossible Foods), robotics (Berkshire Grey), batteries (QuantumScape) and space (Rocketlab). Khosla Ventures has incubated companies with Nobel Prize winners Shuji Nakamura (Physics, 2014) of Soraa, an LED lighting technology company that spun off SLD Laser, which was subsequently acquired for approximately $500 million by Kyocera, and Frances Arnold (Chemistry, 2018) of Gevo, a biofuel technology company that resulted in an IPO. In addition, prior to forming Khosla Ventures,


  3
Table of Contents
Mr. Khosla seeded the Grameen Bank with Mohammed Yunus (Nobel Prize for Peace, 2006), and Mr. Kaul incubated Helicos BioSciences, advised by Steven Chu (Nobel Prize for Physics, 1997) which also resulted in an IPO. We believe that this background and experience, along with the professional networks that our management team have developed over the past 15+ years, will allow us to source and evaluate the highest quality targets, as well as effectively negotiate a business combination with those targets.
The Khosla Ventures founding team has remained consistently in place and working together over the 15+ year period of the firm’s tenure. A select few of Khosla Ventures’ most notable investments include: Affirm (IPO, 2021), Opendoor (public via SPAC merger, 2020), DoorDash (IPO, 2020), QuantumScape (public via SPAC Merger, 2020), Guardant Health (IPO, 2018), Okta (IPO, 2017), Nutanix (IPO, 2016), Square (IPO, 2015), RingCentral (IPO, 2013), Climate Corp (acquired by Monsanto, 2013), Faire, Gitlab, Impossible Foods, Instacart, Oscar, RocketLab, Stripe, and ThoughtSpot. In total, Khosla Ventures has lead investments into companies with a current aggregate value over $400 billion, based on their public market capitalization or last reported funding round. In addition, Khosla Ventures has generated approximately $6 billion in unrealized gains as of January 31, 2021 through its investments in Affirm, Doordash, Opendoor, QuantumScape, SLDLaser, Upstart, Volterra and Wattpad. As noted above, our management team has built a unique network of relationships and has access to exceptional and visionary management teams, which we believe will be important in consummating a merger with a target.
We believe that now is a particularly attractive time to pursue a business combination. Khosla Ventures has always focused on highly disruptive technology companies that are committed to changing large markets through technology. We believe the traditional IPO and direct listing processes are not designed for these types of companies to execute on their ambitious strategies. Similar to the companies Khosla Ventures has invested in previously and the business combination opportunities that we intend to pursue, we believe using a SPAC structure is a disruptive alternative to, and creates more efficiencies than, the traditional IPO approach. We also believe that because the industries in which we have particular expertise, and in which we will seek to identify a potential business combination target, are often overlooked by traditional venture capital, public equity and private equity investors, many high quality companies in these industries are not well suited to a traditional IPO, direct listing or private equity buyout transaction. Therefore, we believe our focus on these particular industries will provide unique access to the highest quality companies and management teams and a substantial number of proprietary business combination opportunities.
We believe our domain expertise will make us an attractive partner for companies seeking a clear and efficient path to listing their shares with a significant degree of funding certainty. There are a large number of companies that desire to have publicly-traded shares to provide liquidity to investors and employees, create a currency for mergers and acquisitions and access to equity capital markets. We will primarily seek to combine with businesses owned by founders and minority investors, although we may consummate a transaction with businesses controlled by private equity investors or family-owned businesses, which means there is a wide universe of potential partners.
We believe that we are particularly well-suited to take advantage of the conditions described above. Our management team has developed deep, long-term relationships with successful founders, operators, and directors across our target industries. Khosla Ventures has also helped many of its private portfolio investments go public, creating significant value for both founders, pre-IPO investors and public market investors alike. We believe our understanding of private deal execution and public capital markets, and valuation dynamics in both markets, make us uniquely positioned to identify and execute a business combination with a growth orientation. For example, over the last six months five Khosla Ventures portfolio companies went public via IPO or SPAC acquisition representing a total combined aggregate value of approximately $6 billion. We think that our anticipated goal of establishing a minority ownership position as a result of a business combination where we are supporting a management team in executing their vision while remaining involved as a shareholder will resonate with a broad range of potential companies.


  4
Table of Contents
Our Management Team
Our management team will consist of Vinod Khosla, our Founder, Samir Kaul, our Chief Executive Officer, and Peter Buckland, our CFO, who will be supported by the Khosla Ventures back office and administrative team, and our independent directors, as further described below.
Mr. Khosla is an entrepreneur, investor and technologist. Prior to founding Khosla Ventures in 2004, Mr. Khosla served as a General Partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers (KPCB) from 1986 until 2004 during which time Mr. Khosla and his partners at KPCB made significant early investments in companies such as Google, Amazon, Intuit, Netscape, AOL and Juniper Networks, among many other highly successful companies. Prior to joining KPCB, Mr. Khosla served as the founding CEO of Sun Microsystems. We believe Mr. Khosla’s personal network, along with those of the other management team members, can produce a differentiated opportunity for the company. We also believe his experience investing in public and private markets makes him ideally suited for a transaction of this type. Mr. Khosla received his bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, his master’s degree in biomedical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University, and his MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Mr. Kaul serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kaul is a Founding Partner and Managing Director at Khosla Ventures, where he focuses on health, sustainability, food, and advanced technology investments. Samir led the firm’s investments in Cadre, Guardant Health, Impossible Foods, Mojo Vision, View, Nutanix, Oscar, Quantumscape, and Ultima, among others. Prior to co-founding Khosla Ventures, Mr. Kaul spent five years at Flagship Ventures where he was involved in co-founding Helicos BioSciences. Mr. Kaul received his bachelor’s degree in biology from the University of Michigan, his master’s degree in biochemistry from University of Maryland College Park, and his MBA from Harvard Business School.
Mr. Buckland serves as our CFO. Mr. Buckland is a Partner, Managing Director and COO at Khosla Ventures. Mr. Buckland has spent the last 20+ years in Silicon Valley advising founders, entrepreneurs and technology companies. Prior to joining Khosla Ventures, Mr. Buckland was a Partner at WilmerHale LLP, where he was Vice Chair of its Corporate Group and led the firm’s emerging growth technology practice. Mr. Buckland received his bachelor’s degrees from the University of California Santa Barbara and his JD from the University of San Francisco School of Law.
In January 2021, Mr. Khosla and Mr. Kaul also founded Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. II (“KV Acquisition II”), and Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. III (“KV Acquisition III”), each a blank check company incorporated for substantially similar purposes as our company. KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III also plan to complete their initial public offerings in the first quarter of 2021. Mr. Khosla, our Founder; Mr. Kaul, our, President, Chief Executive Officer and director; and Mr. Buckland, our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, serve in the same capacities for each of KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III.
Our Independent Director Nominees
Our efforts to seek a suitable business combination target will be complemented and augmented by the expertise and network of relationships of our directors, who each have extensive experience in business and financial matters.
In addition to our seasoned management team, we have assembled a strong group of strategic board advisors. The board is expected to be comprised of Samir Kaul, Rajiv Shah (President of Rockefeller Foundation), Jagdeep Singh (Founder and CEO of QuantumScape), Derek Anthony West (Chief Legal Officer of Uber), Molly Coye (Executive in Residence at AVIA Health), Mario Schlosser (Chief Executive Officer of


  5
Table of Contents
Oscar) and Dmitri Shklovsky (Founder of Bullingham Capital). These individuals bring together a breadth of operating experience, industry connectivity and proprietary access to leading companies that enhance our value proposition. Our strategic board advisors will be a driving force in our efforts to identify a target and effect a business combination, and may invest personal capital in the transaction.
Notwithstanding our founders’ (including Khosla Ventures’) and management team’s past experiences, past performance is not a guarantee (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) that we will provide an attractive return to our stockholders from any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our founders’ (including Khosla Ventures’) and management’s performance as indicative of our future performance. See “Risk Factors — Past performance of our founders (including Khosla Ventures) and the other members of our management team, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us, and we may be unable to provide positive returns to stockholders.” For more information, see the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest.”
Our Founder Share Structure
We have structured our founder shares to provide better aligned incentives than a typical blank check company. The Class K founder shares will only provide our sponsor, officers and directors with significant value if our Class A common stock, following our initial business combination, experiences significant price appreciation, which we believe aligns our interests with the interests of both our public stockholders and continuing stockholders of any targets we may seek to acquire. Importantly, unlike most SPACs, our sponsor will receive a financial benefit that is directly coupled to the value that is created for the investors.
The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares (excluding any private placement shares and forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any other shares in this offering) would represent 15% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering (excluding shares of Class K common stock, shares issued to any sellers in such business combination and any private placement shares), with the potential for the founder shares (excluding any private placement shares and forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any other shares in this offering) to represent in the aggregate up to 30% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering (excluding shares issued to any sellers in such business combination and any private placement shares) based on certain triggering events. The Class K founder shares are non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus. We believe this better aligns the incentives of our sponsor with that of our investors.
Our Business Strategy
Our business strategy is to identify and complete a business combination that can create value for our shareholders over time. We believe our management team’s years of experience and our deep network of relationships should allow us to identify a wide range of attractive opportunities for the company. Our networks include, among others, entrepreneurs, universities, research institutions, Nobel Prize winners, public and private company management teams (from early stage venture to the Fortune 500), venture capital and private equity investors, investment bankers, attorneys, and management consultants.


  6
Table of Contents
Our acquisition philosophy is rooted in several core tenets, consistent with those that have been utilized by Khosla Ventures as they evaluate investment opportunities:
    •  
Large and Growing Addressable Market: Our management team will prioritize investing in large and growing industries that are poised for disruption by new technologies. We look for both large problems amenable to technology solutions as well as businesses able to scale to meet the market.
    •  
Proprietary Technology Advantage: We seek businesses protected by proprietary technology advantages, especially scientific breakthroughs and intellectual property. We believe that significant technology innovation creates a protected moat which provides for years of durable, compounding growth and expanding margins.
    •  
Scaling Business with Compelling Growth Opportunity: While we are primarily focused on the topline growth potential, we will seek to acquire a company which has achieved sufficient technology and business maturity while still maintaining significant runway to capture share in a large addressable market. We look for favorable secular trends and attractive unit economics which can be further enhanced as the business grows.
    •  
World Class Management Teams: We seek to partner with creative and ambitious management teams that have a track record of success to help them execute their vision.
This philosophy is combined with our management team’s approach to investing:
    •  
Be Bold Early and Impactful: We look for companies and founders pursuing significant technology innovation that have the potential to have a significant positive impact on the world
    •  
Short Innovation Cycles: We look for rapid innovation cycles so proof points and results are available quickly. Large, capital-intensive products heighten the technology risk.
    •  
Long Investment Horizon: When evaluating a business opportunity, we will seek to carefully analyze the extent to which a company’s “moat” will continue to deepen as it scales and what future product and financial implications that may have in the fullness of time. We seek businesses with long and clear runways for compound growth.
    •  
Opportunity to be Additive: We are active partners in the company-building business. We are seeking an acquisition where our involvement will unlock outsized returns.
Following the initial business combination, we expect to help the post-business combination entity continue its growth trajectory for many years to come. We expect to collaborate with management on a number of initiatives, including, but not limited to, navigating the public markets, mergers and acquisitions, capital allocation decisions, talent acquisition, and broadening their network of potential partners and customers. We believe our team’s track record of success and support of management teams will make us a partner of choice for a high-quality business.
Our Acquisition Criteria
Consistent with our investment philosophy and strategy, we plan to identify high-quality businesses run by exceptional teams pursuing large market opportunities that are amenable to disruption by technology. We expect to be guided by the criteria outlined above in evaluating opportunities, but we may decide to complete our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet some or all of these criteria.
The criteria set forth above are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management and our investment team may deem relevant.


  7
Table of Contents
Our Acquisition Process
In evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive due diligence review to seek to determine a company’s quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document reviews, technology diligence, multiple meetings with management, consultations with relevant industry and academic experts, competitors, customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target company. We expect to place significant emphasis on diligencing a business combination target’s technology and intellectual property as part of our acquisition evaluation process, consistent with the investment approach of Khosla Ventures and our management team. This due diligence may include the engagement of multiple technical experts across both industry and academia to review the technology, participation in joint due diligence meetings with these technical experts and management, as well as detailed intellectual property due diligence, to determine the nature and quality of a company’s technology innovation.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction.
Members of our management team, including our officers and directors, will directly or indirectly own our securities following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as our management team, may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination, including if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors, and management team members was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to such business combination.
We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target.
Each of our directors, director nominees and officers presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company, and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.
Our founders, sponsor, officers, and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such


  8
Table of Contents
companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor are currently sponsoring two other blank check companies, KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III. KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III may seek to complete a business combination in any location and are not focusing on any particular industry for business combinations. Further, Mr. Khosla, our Founder; Mr. Kaul, our, President, Chief Executive Officer and director; and Mr. Buckland, our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, serve in the same capacities for each of KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III. Any such companies, including KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts with KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination because our management team has significant experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously and we are not limited by industry or geography in terms of the acquisition opportunities we can pursue. In addition, our founders, sponsor, officers, and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
Initial Business Combination
In accordance with Nasdaq listing rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80% of fair market value test. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80% of fair market value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board of directors is less familiar or experienced with the target company’s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target company’s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board of directors determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80% of fair market value test, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our stockholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to stockholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction


  9
Table of Contents
company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us.
The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.
Corporate Information
Our executive offices are located at 2128 Sand Hill Rd, Menlo Park, CA 94025 and our telephone number is (650) 376-8500. Upon completion of this offering, we will maintain a corporate website. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this prospectus. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS


  10
Table of Contents
Act”). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700.0 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging growth company” will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed $250.0 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed $100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed $700.0 million as of the prior June 30.


  11
Table of Contents
The Offering
In deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.”
  Securities offered
30,000,000 public shares, at $10.00 per public share.
  Proposed Nasdaq symbols
Public shares: “KVSA”
  Trading commencement
The shares are expected to begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus.
Common stock:
  Number outstanding before this offering, excluding the Class K founder shares
5,000,000
  Number outstanding after this offering, excluding the Class K founder shares
35,900,000(1)(2)(3)
    (1)
On the first day following the completion of our business combination, the Class B founder shares will automatically convert into a number of shares of our Class A common stock equal to 15% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any overallotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus (iii) unless waived, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, (y) any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class K founder shares and (z) any private placement shares. If calculated based on the public shares outstanding as of immediately after this offering the shares of Class B common stock would be convertible (on the first day following the completion of our business combination) into an aggregate of 5,294,117 shares of Class A common stock (6,088,235 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full).
(2)
Does not include shares of Class A common stock that may be issuable upon conversion of the 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock, which amount would be up to 7,563,026 shares of Class A common stock (8,697,479 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full) as of immediately after this offering. The Class K founder shares are non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein, but only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our


  12
Table of Contents
  initial business combination including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all shares of Class K common stock that are issued and outstanding on the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination will be automatically forfeited.
(3)
Includes 30,000,000 public shares and 900,000 private placement shares, in each case assuming the over-allotment option has not been exercised.
  Forward-purchase agreement
We have entered into a forward-purchase agreement pursuant to which the Khosla Entities have agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,500,000 forward-purchase shares for $10.00 per share, or an aggregate maximum amount of $25,000,000, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. The Khosla Entities will purchase a number of forward-purchase shares that will result in gross proceeds to us necessary to enable us to consummate our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses, after first applying amounts available to us from the trust account (after paying the deferred underwriting discount and giving effect to any redemptions of public shares) and any other financing source obtained by us for such purpose at or prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, plus any additional amounts mutually agreed by us and the Khosla Entities to be retained by the post-business combination company for working capital or other purposes. The Khosla Entities’ obligation to purchase forward-purchase shares will, among other things, be conditioned on the business combination (including the target assets or business, and the terms of the business combination) being reasonably acceptable to the Khosla Entities and on a requirement that such initial business combination is approved by a unanimous vote of our board of directors. In determining whether a target is reasonably acceptable to the Khosla Entities, we expect that the Khosla Entities would consider many of the same criteria as we will consider but will also consider whether the investment is an appropriate investment for the Khosla Entities.
    The forward-purchase shares would be identical to the shares of Class A common stock being sold in this offering, except the forward-purchase shares would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights, as described herein. The Khosla Entities will have the right to transfer their respective obligations to purchase the forward-purchase shares to third parties, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws.
    The forward-purchase agreement also provides that the Khosla Entities and any forward transferees will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to their forward-purchase shares. The Khosla Entities’ commitment to purchase forward-purchase shares pursuant to the forward-purchase agreement is intended to provide us with a minimum funding level for our initial business combination. To the extent that the amounts available from the trust account and


  13
Table of Contents
  other financing are sufficient for such cash requirements, the Khosla Entities may purchase less than 2,500,000 forward-purchase shares. The proceeds from the sale of the forward-purchase shares may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. Subject to the conditions in the forward-purchase agreement, the purchase of the forward-purchase shares will be a binding obligation of the Khosla Entities, regardless of whether any shares of Class A common stock are redeemed by our public stockholders in connection with our initial business combination.
  Founder shares
In January 2021, our sponsor acquired 10,000,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, consisting of 5,000,000 Class B founder shares and 5,000,000 Class K founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued.
    The Class B founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination, at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Class B founder shares will equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 15% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, (y) any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class K founder shares and (z) any private placement shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of shares of our Class B common stock will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors.
    The Class K founder shares will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination, including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial


  14
Table of Contents
  business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus. The Class K founder shares will be convertible into shares of Class A common stock at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares (including both Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares) will equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 30% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any private placement shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of shares of our Class B common stock will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors.
    The founder shares are identical to the public shares being sold in this offering, except that:
    •  
only holders of the Class B founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination and holders of a majority of our Class B founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason;
    •  
the Class B founder shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, as described herein;
    •  
the Class K founder shares will be non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination, as described herein, but only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus;
    •  
the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;
    •  
our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive


  15
Table of Contents
  (i) their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering, in favor of our initial business combination. In addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need 11,452,943, or 38.2% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised); and
    •  
the founder shares are entitled to registration rights.
  Transfer restrictions on founder shares
Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their Class B founder shares (and any shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon conversion thereof) until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property and (ii) any of their shares


  16
Table of Contents
  of Class K common stock for any reason, other than to specified permitted transferees or subsequent to our initial business combination in connection with a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property; provided, that any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion of any shares of Class K common stock will not be subject to such restrictions on transfer (in each case except as described herein under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares”). We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. Our officers and directors are owners of our sponsor and, accordingly, will indirectly be subject to the lock-up.
  Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights
The Class B founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination, at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Class B founder shares will equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 15% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, (y) any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class K founder shares and (z) any private placement shares.
    The shares of Class K common stock will be convertible into shares of Class A common stock at a ratio such that the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares (including both Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares) would equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 20%, 25% or 30% (based on varying triggers as discussed in more detail below) of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable


  17
Table of Contents
  upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) the any private placement shares.
    If between the one year anniversary of our initial business combination and the ten year anniversary of our initial business combination the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds one or more of the share targets described below, one-third of the shares of Class K common stock for each such target achievement will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the 20%, 25% and 30% conversion ratios described below (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like):
    •  
20% at $30.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period (the “First Price Vesting”);
    •  
25% at $40.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period (the “Second Price Vesting”); and
    •  
30% at $50.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period (the “Third Price Vesting”).
    For example, if fifteen months following the consummation of our initial business combination the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $40.00 but does not exceed $50.00 for 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period, both the First Price Vesting and Second Price Vesting target achievements will be met, resulting in two-thirds of the shares of Class K common stock converting into a number of shares of Class A common stock that, together with the Class A common stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares, would represent 25% of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued that would, based on these triggers, be issuable upon


  18
Table of Contents
  conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any private placement shares.
    In the event of any liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction consummated after our initial business combination (“Strategic Transaction”) and before the one-year anniversary of our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property at an effective price of at least $15.00 per share of Class A common stock (a “Qualifying Strategic Transaction”), all of the Shares of Class K common stock will convert into shares of Class A common stock at a ratio such that the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares (including both Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares) will equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any private placement shares.
    In the event of any Strategic Transaction occurring after the one year anniversary of our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property with an effective price of at least $20.00 per share of Class A common stock, all of the then-outstanding shares of Class K common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the conversion ratios described above (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations


  19
Table of Contents
  and the like), with the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares to be determined as follows:
    •  
if (and only if) the First Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $20.00 per share and less than or equal to $30.00 per share, the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to (i) 15% plus (ii) the product of 5% multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to $30.00 minus the effective price of the Strategic Transaction and the denominator of which is $10.00 (each as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like);
    •  
if (and only if) the Second Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $30.00 per share and less than or equal to $40.00 per share, the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to (i) 20% plus (ii) the product of 5% multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to $40.00 minus the effective price of the Strategic Transaction and the denominator of which is $10.00 (each as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like);
    •  
if (and only if) the Third Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $40.00 per share and less than or equal to $50.00 per share (a “Third Strategic Transaction Price Vesting Event”), the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to (i) 25% plus (ii) the product of 5% multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to $50.00 minus the effective price of the Strategic Transaction and the denominator of which is $10.00 (each as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like); and
    •  
if (and only if) the Third Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $50.00, then the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to 30%.
    All shares of Class K common stock that have not been converted to Class A common stock on the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination will be automatically forfeited.
    The shares of Class K common stock are not transferrable for any reason, other than to specified permitted transferees or a complete liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar


  20
Table of Contents
  transaction following our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; provided, that any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion of any shares of Class K common stock will not be subject to such restrictions on transfer (as described under Principal “stockholders — Transfers of shares of Class B common stock, shares of Class K common stock, forward-purchase shares and private placement shares”); provided, that any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion of any shares of Class K common stock will not be subject to such restrictions on transfer.
  Voting
Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our Class K founder shares and public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our Class B founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended only by approval of 90% of the shares of our common stock voting in an annual meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our Class B founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. The shares of Class K common stock shall have no voting rights unless and until converted to shares of Class A common stock and except as required by law.
  Private placement shares
Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 900,000 private placement shares (or 990,000 if the overallotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per share ($9,000,000 in the aggregate or approximately $9,900,000 in the aggregate if the overallotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering.
    A portion of the purchase price of the private placement shares will be added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the trust account such that at the time of closing $300.0 million (or $345.0 million if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) will be held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement shares held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement shares will be worthless.


  21
Table of Contents
  As long as the private placement shares are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement shares will not be redeemable by us. If the private placement shares are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement shares will be redeemable by us.
  Transfer restrictions on private placement
shares
The private placement shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares”). Our officers and certain members of our board of directors are owners of our sponsor and, accordingly, will indirectly be subject to the above transfer restrictions.
  Proceeds to be held in trust account
The rules of Nasdaq provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares be deposited in a trust account. Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, $300,000,000, or $10.00 per share ($345,000,000, or $10.00 per share, if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be placed into a U.S.-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. These proceeds include $10,500,000 (or $12,075,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions.
    Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our franchise and income tax obligations as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination; (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (c) the redemption of all of our public shares if we have not completed our business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, subject to applicable law. Public stockholders who redeem their shares of our Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we are


  22
Table of Contents
  unable to complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, with respect to such shares of our Class A common stock so redeemed. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders.
  Anticipated expenses and funding sources
Except as described above with respect to the payment of franchise and income taxes, unless and until we complete our initial business combination, no proceeds held in the trust account will be available for our use. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We will disclose in each quarterly and annual report filed with the SEC prior to our initial business combination whether the proceeds deposited in the trust account are invested in U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds or a combination thereof. Assuming an interest rate of 0.1%, we estimate the trust account will generate approximately $300,000 of interest annually; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, we may pay our expenses only from:
    •  
the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares not held in the trust account, which will be approximately $1,000,000 in working capital after the payment of approximately $2,000,000 in expenses relating to this offering; and
    •  
any loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective affiliates or other third parties, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us, and provided that any such loans will not have any claim on the proceeds held in the trust account unless such proceeds are released to us upon completion of our initial business combination.
  Conditions to completing our initial business combination
There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.
    If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses or we are


  23
Table of Contents
  considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm. that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination transaction. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of fair market value test, provided that in the event that the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable.
  Permitted purchases of public shares by our affiliates
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of Nasdaq. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any


  24
Table of Contents
  such transactions. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
    The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
  Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
    Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in


  25
Table of Contents
  connection with the completion of our initial business combination or otherwise.
  Limitation on redemptions
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). However, a greater net tangible asset or cash requirement may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. Furthermore, although we will not redeem shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to fall below $5,000,001, we do not have a maximum redemption threshold based on the percentage of shares sold in this offering, as many blank check companies do. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
  Manner of conducting redemptions
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval, while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules.


  26
Table of Contents
  If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
    •  
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and
    •  
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
    Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
    In the event that we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
    If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will:
    •  
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
    •  
file proxy materials with the SEC.
    If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common


  27
Table of Contents
  stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our sponsor will count towards this quorum and has agreed to vote its founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our sponsor’s founder shares, we would need 11,452,943, or 38.2 % (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than ten days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our sponsor, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
    Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
    We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates delivered, or shares tendered electronically, by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares.
    Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible


  28
Table of Contents
  asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination.
    In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
  Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding 15% or more of the shares sold in this offering if we hold stockholder vote
Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem to no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those stockholders that hold more


  29
Table of Contents
  than 15% of the shares sold in this offering) for or against our initial business combination.
  Redemption rights in connection with proposed amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter prohibiting the amendment of certain charter provisions. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or in our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 15% of our common stock at the time of such business combination (excluding shares of Class K common stock, shares issued to any sellers in such business combination and any private placement shares), with the potential to collectively beneficially own up to 30% of our outstanding shares at the time of such business combination (excluding shares issued to any sellers in such business combination and any private placement shares), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us (filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part), that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of


  30
Table of Contents
  taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
  Release of funds in trust account on closing of our initial business combination
On the completion of our initial business combination, all amounts held in the trust account will be disbursed directly by the trustee to pay amounts due to any public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights as described above under “Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination,” to pay the underwriters their deferred underwriting commissions, to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other assets, companies or for working capital.
  Redemption of public shares and distribution and liquidation if no initial business combination
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering, or 27 months from the closing of this offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account (less up to $100,000 of interest released to us to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our


  31
Table of Contents
  obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
    Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period.
    The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and subsequently liquidate and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
    Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to letter agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, or with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described above under “Proposed Business — Limitations on Redemptions.” For example, our board of directors may propose such an amendment if it determines that additional time is necessary to complete our initial business combination. In such event, we will conduct a proxy solicitation and distribute proxy materials pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act seeking stockholder approval of such proposal and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon stockholder approval of such amendment. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person.


  32
Table of Contents
Limited payments to insiders
There will be no finder’s fees, reimbursements or cash payments made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, prior to the completion of this offering, our sponsor will transfer 40,000 Class B founder shares to each of our independent director nominees at their original purchase price. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination, and the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their respective affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account, prior to the completion of our initial business combination:
    •  
Repayment of a loan of up to an aggregate of $             made to us by our sponsor to cover offering related and organizational expenses;
    •  
Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to our formation and initial public offering and to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and
    •  
Repayment of loans that may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined except as described below nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into shares of the post-transaction company, at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender.
    Additionally, in connection with the successful completion of our initial business combination, we may determine to provide a payment to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors, or our or their respective affiliates; however, any such payment would not be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account and we currently do not have any arrangement or agreement with our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors, or our or their respective affiliates, to do so. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were or are to be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their respective affiliates.
  Audit Committee
We will establish and maintain an audit committee, which will be composed of at least three independent directors to, among other things, monitor compliance with the terms described above and the other terms relating to this offering. If any noncompliance is identified, then the audit committee will be charged with the responsibility to immediately take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise to cause compliance with the terms of this offering. For more information, see the section of this prospectus


  33
Table of Contents
  entitled “Management — Committees of the Board of Directors — Audit Committee.”
  Conflicts of Interest
Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present business combination opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
  Indemnity
Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes.
    This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.


  34
Table of Contents
Risks
We are a newly incorporated company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. This offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.” Such risks include, but are not limited to:
Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination
    •  
Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.
    •  
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.
    •  
Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
    •  
The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.
    •  
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
    •  
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.
    •  
The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.
    •  
We may not be able to complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances.
    •  
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A common stock.


  35
Table of Contents
  •  
If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.
    •  
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company
    •  
Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.
    •  
The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
    •  
Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
Risks Relating to Our Management Team
    •  
We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.
    •  
Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
Risks Relating to Our Securities
    •  
Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
    •  
Our sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.0025 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of the shares of our Class A common stock.
    •  
Since our sponsor paid only approximately $0.0025 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value.
General Risk Factors
    •  
We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
    •  
Past performance by Khosla Ventures or its affiliates (including our sponsor and our management team), including the businesses referred to herein, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business that we may acquire.


  36
Table of Contents
Summary Financial Data
The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented.
       January 19, 2021  
Balance Sheet Data:
   Working capital (deficiency)
   $ (175,000 ) 
Total assets
   $ 200,000  
Total liabilities
   $ 200,000  
Stockholder’s equity
   $ —    
If no business combination is completed within the period to consummate the initial business combination, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares. Our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we do not complete our initial business combination within such 24 month time period.


  37
Table of Contents
RISK FACTORS
An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our public shares. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination
Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.
We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the initial business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would not be required to seek stockholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except as required by law or stock exchange, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders do not approve of the initial business combination we complete.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.
Our initial stockholders will own as a result of their founder shares (excluding any private placement shares and forward-purchase securities and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any other public shares in this offering) shares representing 15% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering (excluding shares of Class K common stock), with the potential to own as a result of their founder shares (excluding any private placement shares and forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any other public shares in this offering) in the aggregate up to 30% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering (excluding any private placement shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any other public shares in this offering) based on certain triggering events. Our initial stockholders and members of our management team also have committed to purchase private placement shares and forward-purchase shares, and may from time to time purchase other Class A common stock prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including the Class B founder shares. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any shares purchased during or after the offering, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor’s Class B founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 11,452,943, or 38.2% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if
  38
Table of Contents
our sponsor agreed to vote its founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders.
Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination.
The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.
We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the initial business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions.
  39
Table of Contents
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.
If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.
The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.
Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
We may not be able to complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we must complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of coronavirus (“COVID-19”) continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
  40
Table of Contents
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, where otherwise permissible under applicable laws, rules and regulations, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions.
Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See “Proposed Business — Permitted Purchases of Our Securities” for a description of how our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.
We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights.”
  41
Table of Contents
You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of our Class A common stock, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business within the period to consummate the initial business combination, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public stockholders who redeem their Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, with respect to such Class A common stock so redeemed. In addition, if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond the period to consummate the initial business combination before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
Since the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful completion of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our public shares will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if this offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.”
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13
  42
Table of Contents
of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.
The funds available to us outside of the trust account to fund our working capital requirements may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that, upon closing of this offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we
  43
Table of Contents
do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors below.
In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $2,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, unless funded by the proceeds of loans available from our sponsor or its affiliates, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $2,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their respective affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors below.
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any
  44
Table of Contents
negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.
We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we complete an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
  45
Table of Contents
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
The net proceeds of this offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement shares, in the amount of $300,000,000, will be held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we are permitted to use to pay our taxes and up to $100,000 of dissolution expenses) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below $300,000,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
  46
Table of Contents
Our initial business combination or related reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders.
We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval under Delaware, effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the partner company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may require a holder of our securities to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the holder of such securities is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to holders of our securities to pay such taxes. Holders of our securities may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.
As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.
In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination.
In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms.
Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:
    •  
restrictions on the nature of our investments; and
    •  
restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:
    •  
registration as an investment company;
    •  
adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and
    •  
reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing,
  47
Table of Contents
reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.
We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. This offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (a) the completion of our initial business combination; (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock; or (c) absent our completing an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
The COVID-19 pandemic and the impact on business and debt and equity markets could have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately complete a business combination.
In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced, which has and is continuing to spread throughout parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a “Public Health Emergency of International Concern.” On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a “pandemic”. The outbreak of COVID-19 has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and service providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for and ability to consummate a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19
  48
Table of Contents
or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19, any future pandemic or other events (such as terrorist attacks or natural disasters) continue for an extensive period of time, including as a result of protectionist sentiments or legislation in our target markets, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events.
Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations.
We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.
If we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond such period to consummate the initial business combination before redemption from our trust account.
If we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of the interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the period to consummate the initial business combination before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we complete our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A common stock. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination.
Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.
Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period
  49
Table of Contents
before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of this offering in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures.
Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the ten years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the completion of our initial business combination.
In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.
The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of the shares of our Class A common stock.
Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the shares of our Class A common stock into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement shares, and forward-purchase shares. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our
  50
Table of Contents
Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or their permitted transferees are registered.
Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations.
We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our public shares will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the initial business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management’s area of expertise.
We will consider a business combination outside of our management’s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our public shares will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management’s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholder who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
  51
Table of Contents
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses and our strategy will be to identify, acquire and build a company in our target investment area, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses and our strategy will be to identify, acquire and build a company in our target investment area, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have attributes consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view.
Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.
Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.”
As of January 19, 2021, we had $25,000 in cash and cash equivalents and a working capital deficiency of $175,000. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. In addition, management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and its effect on our financial position, results its operations and/or search for a target company. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern.
  52
Table of Contents
We may issue additional shares of our Class A common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We will also issue shares of our Class A common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and described elsewhere in this prospectus. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 30,000,000 shares of our Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 30,000,000 shares of our Class K common stock, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering, there will be 169,100,000, 25,000,000 and 25,000,000 (assuming in each case that the underwriters have not exercised their over- allotment option) authorized but unissued shares of our Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class K common stock, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares issuable upon conversion of the shares of the Class B common stock or Class K common stock. The Class B common stock and Class K common stock are automatically convertible into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination or thereafter as described herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Immediately after this offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of our Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock or Class K common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination or thereafter as a result of the anti-dilution and conversion provisions described elsewhere in this prospectus and contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to stockholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock:
    •  
may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering;
    •  
may subordinate the rights of holders of our Class A common stock if share of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock;
    •  
could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and
    •  
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our public shares.
Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
  53
Table of Contents
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
In light of the involvement of our sponsor, its members and our executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Our sponsor and our directors and officers, Khosla Ventures or their respective affiliates may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination” and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.
Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after this offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
On January 19, 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.0025 per share, in exchange for the issuance of 5,000,000 shares of our Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 and 5,000,000 shares of our Class K common stock, par value $0.0001. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 15% of the outstanding shares after this offering (excluding shares of Class K common stock and private placement shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering). Prior to the completion of this offering, our sponsor will transfer 40,000 Class B founder shares to each of our independent director nominees at their original purchase price. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 900,000 private placement shares (990,000 private placement shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at $10.00 per share, for a purchase price of approximately $9,000,000 (or $9,900,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), which will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Holders of founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder
  54
Table of Contents
vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director, and we may pay our sponsor, officers, directors and any of their respective affiliates’ fees and expenses in connection with identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination.
The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of this offering nears, which is the deadline for entering into an agreement to complet an initial business combination.
We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following this offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
    •  
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
    •  
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
    •  
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
    •  
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
    •  
our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock;
    •  
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate purposes;
    •  
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
    •  
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
    •  
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements and execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
  55
Table of Contents
Of the net proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, $300,000,000 (or $345,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be available to complete our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses, after taking into account $10,500,000 (or $12,075,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated offering expenses.
We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
    •  
solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or
    •  
dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.
In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial business combination, our management will rely on the availability of all of the funds from the sale of the forward-purchase shares to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination. If the sale of some or all of the forward-purchase shares fails to close, for any reason, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination.
Our sponsor has agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,500,000 forward-purchase shares for $10.00 per share, or an aggregate maximum amount of $25,000,000, in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. The funds from the sale of forward-purchase shares may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. The obligations under the forward-purchase agreement do not depend on whether any public stockholders elect to redeem their shares and provide us with a minimum funding level for the initial business combination.
If the sale of some or all of the forward-purchase shares does not close for any reason, including by reason of the failure by the forward-purchase investor to fund the purchase price for its forward-purchase shares, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination. The forward-purchase investor’s obligations to purchase the forward-purchase shares are subject to termination prior to the closing of the sale of the forward-purchase shares by mutual written consent of the company and the forward-purchase investor. The forward-purchase investor’s obligations to purchase its forward-purchase shares are subject to fulfillment of customary closing conditions. In the event of any such failure to fund by the forward-purchase investor, any obligation is so terminated or any such closing condition is not satisfied and not waived by the forward-purchase investor, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination.
  56
Table of Contents
We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering, the sale of the private placement shares and the forward-purchase shares, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
The net proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares and forward-purchase shares will provide us with more than $300,000,000 (or $345,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the $10,500,000, or $12,075,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated expenses of this offering).We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single partner business or multiple partner businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one partner business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several partner businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry.
Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
    •  
solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or
    •  
dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.
We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
  57
Table of Contents
We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results.
We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the initial business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.
To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our initial business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.
If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.
If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:
    •  
costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets;
    •  
rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;
    •  
complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
    •  
laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;
    •  
exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;
    •  
tariffs and trade barriers;
    •  
regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
    •  
local or regional economic policies and market conditions;
    •  
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;
    •  
longer payment cycles;
    •  
tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
    •  
currency fluctuations and exchange controls;
  58
Table of Contents
  •  
rates of inflation;
    •  
challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
    •  
cultural and language differences;
    •  
employment regulations;
    •  
underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;
    •  
corruption;
    •  
protection of intellectual property;
    •  
social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;
    •  
regime changes and political upheaval;
    •  
terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars;
    •  
deterioration of political relations with the United States; and
    •  
government appropriation of assets.
We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (such that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of our Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of our Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.
In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support.
In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and changed industry focus.
  59
Table of Contents
Amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination.
The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65% of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support.
Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company’s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company’s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by 90% of the company’s stockholders attending and voting at an annual meeting. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement of shares into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as converted basis, 15% of our Class A common stock upon the closing of this offering (excluding shares of Class K common stock and private placement shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained
  60
Table of Contents
in letter agreements that we have entered into with our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.
Certain agreements related to this offering may be amended without stockholder approval.
Certain agreements, including the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders, and the forward-purchase agreement, may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.
We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering, the sale of the private placement shares and the sale of forward-purchase shares will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering, the sale of the private placement shares and the sale of forward-purchase shares prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders and not previously released to us to pay our taxes on the liquidation of our trust account. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account.
Holders of our Class A common stock will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination.
Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of
  61
Table of Contents
directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
Upon closing of this offering, our initial stockholders will own, on an as-converted basis, 15% of our issued and outstanding Class A common stock (excluding shares of Class K common stock and private placement shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If our initial stockholders purchases any public shares in this offering or if our initial stockholders purchase any additional public shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the initial business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination.
Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging
  62
Table of Contents
growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Class A common stock and could entrench management.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of shares of our Class B common stock, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company
Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.
Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the initial business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
  63
Table of Contents
The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of our Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of our Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding Class A common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.
We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the initial business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
  64
Table of Contents
Risks Relating to Our Management Team
We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.
Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, certain of our directors and executive officers have time and attention requirements for private investment funds of which affiliates of Khosla are the investment managers. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.
Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.
Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the initial business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the initial business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel’s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
  65
Table of Contents
Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, certain of our executive officers and directors are employed by affiliates of Khosla. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs, please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Officers, Directors and Director Nominees.”
Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including other blank check companies, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
Following the completion of this offering and until we complete our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor, its members, and our officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. We do not have employment contracts with our officers and directors that will limit their ability to work at other businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law.
In addition, our sponsor and our directors and officers, or their respective affiliates are currently affiliated with other blank check companies and may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. For example, Samir Kaul is a director of Jack Creek Acquisition Corp., a blank-check company. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor are currently sponsoring two other blank check companies, KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III. KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III may seek to complete a business combination in any location and are not focusing on any particular industry for business combinations. Further, Mr. Khosla, our Founder; Mr. Kaul, our, President, Chief Executive Officer and director; and Mr. Buckland, our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, serve in the same capacities for each of KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III. Any such companies, including KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers’ and directors’ fiduciary duties under Delaware law. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis.
For a complete discussion of our executive officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see the sections of this prospectus entitled “Management — Officers, Directors and Director Nominees,” “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
  66
Table of Contents
Involvement of members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations or negative publicity unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination.
Our directors and officers and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business affairs, including transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes, litigation, governmental investigations and negative publicity relating to their business affairs. For example, certain investment funds managed by Khosla Ventures, Vinod Khosla and Samir Kaul, and certain investment funds and individuals affiliated with Khosla Ventures, are defendants in an ongoing civil suit initiated by the State of Mississippi in the state courts of Mississippi on January 13, 2015, related to a loan made by the Mississippi Development Authority to KiOR, Inc. (“KiOR”), a former portfolio company of Khosla Ventures, that filed a petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The complaint alleges, among other things, common law fraud, civil conspiracy, aiding and abetting, good faith and fair dealing and negligence claims. Mr. Khosla, Mr. Kaul, Khosla Ventures and the Khosla Ventures funds believe that they have meritorious defenses to all of the claims alleged but nevertheless the lawsuit could be a distraction and costly to defend, and could result in negative publicity. This or any other such claims, investigations, lawsuits or negative publicity may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.
Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.
We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us, including the formation or participation in one or more other blank check companies. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.
The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders’ rights. See the section titled “Description of Securities — Certain Differences in Corporate Law — Stockholders’ Suits” for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.
In particular, Khosla Ventures is a venture capital firm that invests in emerging science and technology ventures. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive investment for Khosla Ventures.
Risks Relating to Our Securities
Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
We will apply to have our public shares listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing
  67
Table of Contents
standards set forth in Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally $50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public holders).
Additionally, our public shares will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq’s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share and our stockholders’ equity would generally be required to be at least $4.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.
If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
    •  
a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
    •  
reduced liquidity for our securities;
    •  
a determination that our Class A common stock are a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;
    •  
a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and
    •  
a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our public shares will be listed on Nasdaq, our public shares will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.
Our sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.0025 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of the shares of our Class A common stock.
The difference between the public offering price per share and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon closing of this offering, you and the other public stockholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 96.0% (or $9.60 per share, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $0.40 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per public share. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution and
  68
Table of Contents
conversion provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination or thereafter and would become exacerbated to the extent that public stockholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A common stock.
Since our sponsor paid only approximately $0.0025 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value.
In January 2021, our sponsor acquired 10,000,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.0025 per share. The founder shares will be convertible into Class A common stock at a ratio greater than one for one, as described elsewhere in this prospectus. Our officers and directors have a significant economic interest in our sponsor. As a result, the low acquisition cost of the founder shares creates an economic incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value and is unprofitable for public investors.
If all of our shares of Class K common stock convert, our initial stockholders, including our sponsor will own, in the aggregate, 30% of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding at the time of such business combination (excluding shares of Class K common stock and private placement shares and shares issued to any sellers in such business combination).
Most blank check companies issue founder shares representing 20% of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon the consummation of such blank check company’s initial public offering. We have issued 5,000,000 shares of Class B common stock which will convert automatically into shares of Class A common stock in connection with our initial business combination as described herein. The shares of Class B common stock will represent 15% of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding after this offering (excluding shares of Class K common stock and private placement shares) and we have also issued 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock ,which will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination, including specified strategic transactions and other triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00 per share and additional stock trading thresholds up to $50.00 per share, in each case, as described in this prospectus. If following our initial business combination all of the shares of Class K common stock vest, the number of shares of Class A common stock into which the shares of Class K common stock shall have converted plus the number of shares of Class A common stock into which the shares of Class B common stock shall have converted will represent, in the aggregate, 30% of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding after this offering (excluding shares of Class K common stock and private placement shares), subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments as described elsewhere herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all shares of Class K common stock that are issued and outstanding on the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination will be automatically forfeited. If all of our shares of Class K common stock convert, the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of all of our shares of Class K common stock would dilute the interest of our stockholders relative to stockholders of other blank check companies.
Our initial stockholders may receive additional shares of Class A common stock based on our trading price and/or based on certain strategic transactions after our initial business combination.
If between the one year anniversary of our initial business combination and the ten year anniversary of our initial business combination the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds one or more of the share targets described below, one-third of the shares of Class K common stock for each such target achievement will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the 20%, 25% and 30%
  69
Table of Contents
conversion ratios described below (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like):
    •  
20% at $30.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period (the “First Price Vesting”);
    •  
25% at $40.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period (the “Second Price Vesting”); and
    •  
30% at $50.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period (the “Third Price Vesting”).
For example, if fifteen months following the consummation of our initial business combination the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $40.00 but does not exceed $50.00 for 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period, both the First Price Vesting and Second Price Vesting target achievements will be met, resulting in two-thirds of the shares of Class K common stock converting into a number of shares of Class A common stock that, together with the Class A common stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares, would represent 25% of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued that would, based on these triggers, be issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any private placement shares.
In the event of any liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction consummated after our initial business combination (“Strategic Transaction”) and before the one-year anniversary of our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property at an effective price of at least $15.00 per share of Class A common stock (a “Qualifying Strategic Transaction”), all of the Shares of Class K common stock will convert into shares of Class A common stock at a ratio such that the sum of the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all of the shares of Class K common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued that would, based on these triggers, be issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any private placement shares.
In the event of any Strategic Transaction occurring after the one year anniversary of our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A
  70
Table of Contents
common stock for cash, securities or other property with an effective price of at least $10.00 per share of Class A common stock, all of the then-outstanding shares of Class K common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the conversion ratios described above (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), with the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares to be determined as follows:
    •  
if (and only if) the First Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $20.00 per share and less than or equal to $30.00 per share, the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to (i) 15% plus (ii) the product of 5% multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to $30.00 minus the effective price of the Strategic Transaction and the denominator of which is $10.00 (each as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like);
    •  
if (and only if) the Second Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $30.00 per share and less than or equal to $40.00 per share, the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to (i) 20% plus (ii) the product of 5% multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to $40.00 minus the effective price of the Strategic Transaction and the denominator of which is $10.00 (each as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like);
    •  
if (and only if) the Third Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $40.00 per share and less than or equal to $50.00 per share (a “Third Strategic Transaction Price Vesting Event”), the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to (i) 25% plus (ii) the product of 5% multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to $50.00 minus the effective price of the Strategic Transaction and the denominator of which is $10.00 (each as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like); and
    •  
if (and only if) the Third Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $50.00, then the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to 30%.
Our private placement shares and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of the shares of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.
We will be issuing in a private placement an aggregate of 900,000 private placement shares (or up to 990,000 private placement shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Our sponsor currently owns an aggregate of 10,000,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into Class A common stock as described herein.
To the extent we issue Class A common stock for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of our Class A common stock upon exercise of these conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Therefore, our founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.
The determination of the offering price of our public shares and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our public shares properly reflects the value of such public shares than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company.
Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the public shares were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering,
  71
Table of Contents
management held customary organizational meetings with the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the public shares include:
    •  
the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
    •  
prior offerings of those companies;
    •  
our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
    •  
a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions;
    •  
our capital structure;
    •  
an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
    •  
general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and
    •  
other factors as were deemed relevant.
Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results.
There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
There is currently no market for our securities. Stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.
An investment in this offering may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.
An investment in this offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares of Class A common stock suspend the running of a U.S. holder’s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A common stock is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See “United States Federal Income Tax Considerations” below for a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.
General Risk Factors
We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
We are a recently incorporated company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
  72
Table of Contents
Past performance by Khosla Ventures or its affiliates (including our sponsor and our management team), including the businesses referred to herein, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business that we may acquire.
Information regarding past performance of Khosla Ventures, its affiliates or our management team is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance of Khosla Ventures, its affiliates, our sponsor, our management team or the other companies referred to herein is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may complete. You should not rely on the historical record of Khosla Ventures, its affiliates, our sponsor, our management team’s performance or the performance of the other companies referred to herein as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is not an investment in Khosla Ventures or its affiliates, nor the other companies referred to in this prospectus.
Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.
We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.
We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the Market Value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700.0 million as of any June 30th before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
  73
Table of Contents
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed $250.0 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed $100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed $700.0 million as of the prior June 30.
  74
Table of Contents
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Some of the statements contained in this prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about:
    •  
our ability to complete our initial business combination;
    •  
our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
    •  
our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic;
    •  
our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;
    •  
our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
    •  
our pool of prospective target businesses;
    •  
the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;
    •  
our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
    •  
the lack of a market for our securities;
    •  
the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;
    •  
the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or
    •  
our financial performance following this offering.
The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
  75
Table of Contents
USE OF PROCEEDS
We are offering 30,000,000 public shares at an offering price of $10.00 per share. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private placement shares will be used as set forth in the following table.
       Without Over-
Allotment
Option     Over-Allotment
Option Fully
Exercised  
Gross proceeds
     Gross proceeds from public shares offered to public(1)
   $ 300,000,000     $ 345,000,000  
Gross proceeds from private placement shares offered in the private placement
     9,000,000       9,900,000  
                 Total gross proceeds
   $ 309,000,000     $ 354,900,000  
                 Estimated offering expenses(2)
     Underwriting commissions (2.0% of gross proceeds from public shares offered to public, excluding deferred portion)(3)
     6,000,000       6,900,000  
                 Legal fees and expenses
     400,000       400,000  
Accounting fees and expenses
     30,000       30,000  
SEC filing fees and expenses
     37,640       37,640  
FINRA filing fees and expenses
     52,250       52,250  
Nasdaq filing fees and expenses
     75,000       75,000  
Director and Officer liability insurance premiums
     1,000,000       1,000,000  
Printing and engraving expenses
     50,000       50,000  
Miscellaneous expenses
     355,110       355,110  
                 Total offering expenses (excluding underwriting commissions)
   $ 2,000,000     $ 2,000,000  
Proceeds after offering expenses
   $ 301,000,000     $ 346,000,000  
                 Held in trust account(3)
   $ 300,000,000     $ 345,000,000  
% of public offering size
     100 %      100 % 
Not held in trust account
   $ 1,000,000     $ 1,000,000  
                 The following table shows the expected use of the approximately $1,000,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account.(4)
       Amount      % of Total  
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other expenses in connection with any business combination(5)
   $ 400,000        40.0 % 
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations
     100,000        10.0 % 
Consulting, travel and miscellaneous expenses incurred during search for initial business combination target
     160,000        16.0 % 
Reserve for liquidation
     100,000        10.0 % 
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses (including franchise taxes)
     240,000        24.0 % 
                  Total
   $ 1,000,000        100.00 % 
                    (1)
Includes amounts payable to public stockholders who properly redeem their shares in connection with our successful completion of our initial business combination.
(2)
In the event that offering expenses are less than set forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing working capital expenses. In the event that the offering expenses are more than as set forth in this table, we may fund such excess with funds not held in the trust account.
  76
Table of Contents
(3)
The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. Upon and concurrently with the completion of our initial business combination, $10,500,000, which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred commissions (or $12,075,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust account, see “Underwriting.” The remaining funds, less amounts released to the trustee to pay redeeming stockholders will be released to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of the business or businesses with which our initial business combination occurs or for general corporate purposes, including payment of principal or interest on indebtedness incurred in connection with our initial business combination, to fund the purchases of other companies or for working capital. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions.
(4)
These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of such business combination. In the event we identify a business combination target in a specific industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. The amount in the table above does not include interest available to us from the trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year, we estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $300,000 per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount.
(5)
Includes estimated amounts that may also be used in connection with our initial business combination to fund a “no shop” provision and commitment fees for financing.
Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares described in this prospectus, $300,000,000 ($10.00 per share), or $345,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per share), will be deposited into a segregated trust account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee, and $9,000,000, or up to $9,900,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be used to pay expenses in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following this offering. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, the funds held in the trust account will not be released until the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination; (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (c) the redemption of all of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, subject to applicable law. Based on current interest rates, we expect that interest income earned on the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our income and franchise taxes.
The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust account for general
  77
Table of Contents
corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
We believe that amounts not held in trust, together with funds available to us from loans from our sponsor, will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of a business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek additional capital, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, but such persons are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of January 19, 2021, we have not borrowed any amount under the promissory note with our sponsor. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the offering proceeds not held in the trust account.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into shares of the post business combination entity, at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
We may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) and the agreement for our initial business combination may require as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
  78
Table of Contents
of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights so that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement or any net worth or cash requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares or the initial business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination.
A public stockholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (a) our completion of an initial business combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, subject to applicable law and as further described herein and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
Our sponsor, directors and each member of our management have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by it if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. However, if our sponsor or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquires public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
  79
Table of Contents
DIVIDEND POLICY
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
  80
Table of Contents
DILUTION
The difference between the public offering price per public share we are offering pursuant to this prospectus or the private placement shares, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of shares of our Class A common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of shares of outstanding Class A common stock.
At January 19, 2021, our net tangible book (deficit) was $175,000, or approximately $(0.04) per common stock. After giving effect to the sale of 30,000,000 shares of Class A common stock we are offering by this prospectus (or 34,500,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), the sale of the private placement shares and the deduction of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at January 19, 2021 would have been $5,000,010 or $0.40 per share (or $5,000,010 or $0.40 per share if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of 28,549,999 shares of our Class A common stock that may be redeemed for cash or 32,892,499 shares of our Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of $0.44 per share (or $0.44 per share to our initial stockholders as of the date of this prospectus. Total dilution to public stockholders from this offering will be $9.60 per share (or $9.60 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full).
The following table illustrates the dilution to the public stockholders on a per-share basis:
       Without Over-allotment     With Over-allotment  
Public offering price
   $ 10.00     $ 10.00  
Net tangible book deficit before this offering
     (0.04 )      (0.04 ) 
Increase (decrease) attributable to public stockholders
     0.44       0.44  
                 Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering and the sale of the private placement shares
     0.40       0.40  
                 Dilution to public stockholders
   $ 9.60     $ 9.60  
                 Percentage of dilution to public stockholders
     96.0 %      96.0 % 
For purposes of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) by $285,499,990 because holders of up to approximately 95.2% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account as set forth in our tender offer or proxy materials (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two days prior to the commencement of our tender offer or stockholder meeting, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares.
The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial stockholders and the public stockholders:
       Shares Purchased     Total Consideration     Average
Price
Per Share  
     Number      Percentage     Number      Percentage  
Class B common stock(1)
     5,000,000        12.22 %    $ 12,500        .004 %    $ 0.0025  
Class K common stock(2)
     5,000,000        12.22 %    $ 12,500        .004 %    $ 0.0025  
Private placement shares
     900,000        2.20 %    $ 9,000,000        2.912 %    $ 10.00  
Public stockholders
     30,000,000        73.36 %    $ 300,000,000        97.080 %    $ 10.00  
                                          40,900,000        100.00 %    $ 309,025,000        100.00 %   
                                       81
Table of Contents
(1)
On the first day following the completion of our business combination, the Class B founder shares will automatically convert into a number of shares of our Class A common stock equal to 15% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus (iii) unless waived, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, (y) any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class K founder shares and (z) any any private placement shares. If calculated based on the public shares outstanding as of immediately after this offering the shares of Class B common stock would be convertible into an aggregate of 5,294,117 shares of Class A common stock (6,088,235 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full).
(2)
Does not include shares of Class A common stock that may be issuable upon conversion of the 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock, which amount would be up to 7,563,026 shares of Class A common stock (8,697,479 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full) as of immediately after this offering. The Class K founder shares are non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein, but only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all shares of Class K common stock that are issued and outstanding on the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination will be automatically forfeited.
The pro forma net tangible book value per share after the offering (assuming that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised) is calculated as follows:
       Without Over-
allotment     With Over-
allotment  
Numerator:
     Net tangible book deficit before this offering
   $ (175,000 )    $ (175,000 ) 
Net proceeds from this offering and sale of the private placement shares(1)
     301,000,000       346,000,000  
Plus: Offering costs paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value
     175,000       175,000  
Less: Deferred underwriting commissions
     (10,500,000 )      (12,075,000 ) 
Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to redemption to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001(2)
     (285,499,990 )      (328,924,990 ) 
                    $ 5,000,010     $ 5,000,010  
                 Denominator:
     Class B common stock outstanding prior to this offering
     5,000,000       5,000,000  
Class K common stock outstanding prior to this offering
     5,000,000       5,000,000  
Class A common stock offered and private placement shares
     30,900,000       35,490,000  
Less: Shares subject to redemption
     (28,549 ,999 )      (32,892,499 ) 
                      12,350,001       12,597,501  
                   (1)
Expenses applied against gross proceeds include offering expenses of $2,000,000 and underwriting commissions of $6,000,000 or $6,900,000 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option (excluding deferred underwriting fees). See “Use of proceeds.”
  82
Table of Contents
(2)
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. In the event of any such purchases of our shares prior to the completion of our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption will be reduced by the amount of any such purchases, increasing the pro forma net tangible book value per share. See “Proposed Business – Permitted Purchases of Our Securities.”
  83
Table of Contents
CAPITALIZATION
The following table sets forth our capitalization at January 19, 2021, and as adjusted to give effect to the filing of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the sale of our public shares in this offering and the private placement shares and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities:
       January 19, 2021  
     Actual     As Adjusted(1)(3)  
Note payable to related party(1)
   $ —       $ —    
Deferred underwriting commissions
     —         10,500,000  
                 Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; -0- and 28,549,999 shares, actual and as adjusted, respectively(2)
     —         285,499,990  
                 Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted
     —         —    
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized; -0- and 2,350,001 shares issued and outstanding (excluding -0- and 28,549,999 shares subject to possible redemption), actual and as adjusted, respectively
     —         235  
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, 30,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted, respectively(3)
     500       500  
Class K common stock, $0.0001 par value, 30,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted, respectively(4)
     500       500  
Additional paid-in capital(5)
     24,000       5,023,775  
Accumulated deficit
     (25,000 )      (25,000 ) 
                 Total stockholders’ equity
   $ —       $ 5,000,010  
                 Total capitalization
   $ —       $ 301,000,000  
                   (1)
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the repayment of this note out of the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares. As of January 19, 2021, we have not borrowed any amount under the promissory note with our sponsor.
(2)
Upon the completion of our initial business combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per-share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein whereby redemptions cannot cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination. For a detailed calculation of our Class A common stock subject to redemption, please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Dilution.”
(3)
On the first day following the completion of our business combination, the Class B founder shares will automatically convert into a number of shares of our Class A common stock equal to 15% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus (iii) unless waived, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A
  84
Table of Contents
  common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, (y) any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class K founder shares and (z) any private placement shares. If calculated based on the public shares outstanding as of immediately after this offering the shares of Class B common stock would be convertible into an aggregate of 5,294,117 shares of Class A common stock (6,088,235 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full).
(4)
As of immediately after this offering the shares of Class K common stock would be convertible into an aggregate of up to 7,563,026 shares of Class A common stock (8,697,479 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full). The Class K founder shares are non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein, but only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all shares of Class K common stock that are issued and outstanding on the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination will be automatically forfeited.
(5)
The “as adjusted” additional paid-in capital calculation is equal to the “as adjusted” total stockholders’ equity of $5,000,010, plus the par value of the Class A common stock outstanding of $235, plus the par value of the Class B common stock outstanding of $500, plus the par value of the Class K common stock outstanding of $500, less the accumulated deficit of $25,000.
  85
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview
We are a blank check company incorporated on January 15, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement shares, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt.
The issuance of additional shares of our stock in connection with a business combination to the owners of the target or other investors:
    •  
may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in our Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of our Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of our Class B common stock;
    •  
may subordinate the rights of holders of our Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock;
    •  
could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
    •  
may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
    •  
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock.
    •  
Similarly, if we issue debt securities, or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in:
    •  
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
    •  
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
    •  
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;
    •  
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;
    •  
our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;
    •  
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate purposes;
    •  
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
    •  
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
    •  
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements and execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
  86
Table of Contents
As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, as of January 19, 2021, we had $25,000 in cash and deferred offering costs of $175,000. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful.
Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events
We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of this offering through a capital contribution of our sponsor of $25,000 for the founder shares and up to $300,000 in a loan from our sponsor under an unsecured promissory note. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the public shares in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $2,000,000, underwriting commissions of $6,000,000 ($6,900,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of $10,500,000 (or $12,075,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full)), and (ii) the sale of the private placement shares and the sale of forward-purchase shares for a purchase price of $34,000,000 (or $34,900,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be $301,000,000 (or $346,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Of this amount, $300,000,000 (or $345,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account, which includes $10,500,000 (or $12,075,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions described above. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The remaining approximately $1,000,000 will not be held in the trust account. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $2,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $2,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay our taxes, if any. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion of this offering, to be $200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may pay from funds from this offering held outside of the trust account or from interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and released to us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. Based on assumed interest rates, we expect that the interest income earned on the amount in the trust account (if any), will be sufficient to pay our income and franchise taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.
  87
Table of Contents
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we will have available to us the approximately $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, as well as certain funds from loans from our sponsor. We will use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.
We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination, other than funds available from loans from our sponsor. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately $400,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; $100,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; $160,000 for consulting, travel and miscellaneous expenses incurred during the search for a business combination target, $100,000 reserved for liquidation and $240,000 for working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses.
These amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses.
We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we do
  88
Table of Contents
not complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.
Controls and Procedures
We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer an emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement.
Prior to the closing of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of our internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
    •  
staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
    •  
reconciliation of accounts;
    •  
proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
    •  
evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
    •  
documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
    •  
documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent registered public accounting firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
The net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares held in the trust account will be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no
  89
Table of Contents
associated material exposure to interest rate risk. However, if the interest rates of U.S. Treasury obligations become negative, we may have less interest income available to us for payment of taxes, and a decline in the value of the assets held in the trust account could reduce the principal below the amount initially deposited in the trust account.
Related Party Transactions
On January 19, 2021, our sponsor purchased 10,000,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.0025 per share. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. Prior to the completion of this offering, our sponsor will transfer a certain amount of founder shares to each of our independent director nominees at their original purchase price.
We may reimburse our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, for any out of pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition, prior to the completion of this offering, our sponsor will transfer 40,000 Class B founder shares to each of our independent director nominees at their original purchase price. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates and will determine which fees and expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. Except as noted above, there is no cap or ceiling on payments that may be made to our sponsor, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates.
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of January 19, 2021, we have not borrowed any amount under the promissory note with our sponsor. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the estimated $1,000,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions). The value of our sponsor’s interest in this transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
Our sponsor has agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,500,000 shares of Class A common stock (the “forward-purchase shares”), for $10.00 per share, or an aggregate maximum amount of $25,000,000, in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. The forward-purchase shares will be identical to the public shares being sold in this offering, except the forward-purchase shares will be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights, as described herein.
Our sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 900,000 private placement shares (or 990,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $10.00 per share (approximately
  90
Table of Contents
$9,000,0000 in the aggregate or $9,900,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor will be permitted to transfer the private placement shares held by it to certain permitted transferees, including our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to it, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities as our sponsor. Otherwise, these shares will not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The private placement shares will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
Pursuant to a registration rights agreement we will enter into with our sponsor on or prior to the closing of this offering, we may be required to register certain securities for sale under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders of forward-purchase shares, are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register certain of our securities held by them for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. However, the registration rights agreement will provide that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions, as described herein. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
As of January 19, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus, as we have not conducted any operations to date.
JOBS Act
The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.
Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
  91
Table of Contents
PROPOSED BUSINESS
General
We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any potential business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target.
Our sponsor is affiliated with Khosla Ventures, LLC. Khosla Ventures manages a series of venture capital funds (such venture capital funds, along with Khosla Ventures, LLC, the “firm” or “Khosla Ventures”) that make early stage venture capital investments and provides strategic advice to entrepreneurs building companies with lasting significance. The firm was founded in 2004 by Vinod Khosla, co-founder of Sun Microsystems. With over $14.5 billion dollars of assets under management, the firm focuses on a broad range of sectors including consumer, enterprise, financial services, health, artificial intelligence, agriculture/food, sustainable energy, space, 3D printing, VR/AR and robotics. The founding team of Vinod Khosla, Samir Kaul and David Weiden have been working together for over 15 years and recently raised a new family of funds at the end of 2020.
The mission of Khosla Ventures is to be “bold, early and impactful”. The Khosla Ventures team considers themselves to be technology optimists that believe with time and focus, what can be imagined technologically reasonably can be invented. Khosla Ventures believes that we are only at the beginning of a new era of technology enabled inventions that will shape the human world and disrupt the way we live and work, with innovation in the areas of food, digitization, robotics, artificial intelligence, as a few examples, having the potential to achieve food abundance, reshape cities, knit humanity, and enhance human capability exponentially. Khosla Ventures seeks to partner with exceptional entrepreneurs leveraging technology to reinvent these big societal needs, and they have created a significant amount of value for their investors over 15+ years by doing so.
We intend to pursue opportunities with private, high-quality growth companies addressing large market opportunities with highly differentiated, proprietary technology. We will use our management team’s decades of combined experience in sourcing transactions, understanding and conducting due diligence on new breakthrough technologies and developing management teams in order to seek to identify and negotiate a combination with an exceptional business. Our management team has deep expertise across the following industries: food/agriculture, artificial intelligence, consumer, enterprise software, financial services, health, materials, robotics, space, energy storage, and transportation. Our expectation is that our ultimate target will be a category defining company that is leveraging disruptive technology in large and established markets led by exceptional management teams.
Khosla Ventures has a long track record of successfully investing early in category defining companies traditionally funded by venture capital firms across multiple industry verticals such as consumer (Doordash, Instacart, Opendoor), enterprise software (RingCentral, Okta, Nutanix and Gitlab), financial services (Square, Affirm and Stripe) and health (Guardant Health and Oscar). Additionally, Khosla Ventures has a long and successful track record of identifying large and attractive markets typically ignored or underinvested by venture capital and successfully identifying, investing early, incubating and / or building successful companies in these segments such as food & agriculture (Impossible Foods), robotics (Berkshire Grey), batteries (QuantumScape) and space (Rocketlab). Khosla Ventures has incubated companies with Nobel Prize winners Shuji Nakamura (Physics, 2014) of Soraa, an LED lighting technology company that resulted in an approximate ~$500m acquisition by Kycoera, and Frances Arnold (Chemistry, 2018) of Gevo, a biofuel technology company that resulted in an IPO. In addition, prior to forming Khosla Ventures, Mr. Khosla seeded the Grameen Bank with Mohammed Yunus (Nobel Prize for Peace, 2006), and Mr. Kaul incubated Helicos BioSciences, advised by Steven Chu (Nobel Prize for Physics, 1997) which also resulted in an IPO. We believe that this background and experience, along with the professional networks that our management team have developed over the past 15+
  92
Table of Contents
years, will allow us to source and evaluate the highest quality targets, as well as effectively negotiate a business combination with those targets.
The Khosla Ventures founding team has remained consistently in place and working together over the 15+ year period of the firm’s tenure. A select few of Khosla Ventures’ most notable investments include: Affirm (IPO, 2021), Opendoor (public via SPAC merger, 2020), DoorDash (IPO, 2020), QuantumScape (public via SPAC Merger, 2020), Guardant Health (IPO, 2018), Okta (IPO, 2017), Nutanix (IPO, 2016), Square (IPO, 2015), RingCentral (IPO, 2013), Climate Corp (acquired by Monsanto, 2013), Faire, Gitlab, Impossible Foods, Instacart, Oscar, RocketLab, Stripe, and ThoughtSpot. In total, Khosla Ventures has lead investments into companies with a current aggregate value over $400 billion, based on their public market capitalization or last reported funding round. In addition, Khosla Ventures has generated approximately $6 billion in unrealized gains as of January 31, 2021 through its investments in Affirm, Doordash, Opendoor, QuantumScape, SLDLaser, Upstart, Volterra and Wattpad. As noted above, our management team has built a unique network of relationships and has access to exceptional and visionary management teams, which we believe will be important in consummating a merger with a target.
We believe that now is a particularly attractive time to pursue a business combination. Khosla Ventures has always focused on highly disruptive technology companies that are committed to changing large markets through technology. We believe the traditional IPO and direct listing processes are not designed for these types of companies to execute on their ambitious strategies. Similarly, to the companies Khosla Ventures has invested in previously and the business combination opportunities that we intend to pursue, we believe using a SPAC structure is a disruptive alternative to, and creates more efficiencies than, the traditional IPO approach. We also believe that because the industries in which we have particular expertise, and in which we will seek to identify a potential business combination target, are often overlooked by traditional venture capital, public equity and private equity investors, many high quality companies in these industries are not well suited to a traditional IPO, direct listing or private equity buyout transaction. Therefore, we believe our focus on these particular industries will provide unique access to the highest quality companies and management teams and a substantial number of proprietary business combination opportunities.
We believe our domain expertise will make us an attractive partner for companies seeking a clear and efficient path to listing their shares with a significant degree of funding certainty. There are a large number of companies that desire to have publicly-traded shares to provide liquidity to investors and employees, create a currency for mergers and acquisitions and access to equity capital markets. We will primarily seek to combine with businesses owned by founders and minority investors, although we may consummate a transaction with businesses controlled by private equity investors or family-owned businesses, which means there is a wide universe of potential partners.
We believe that we are particularly well-suited to take advantage of the conditions described above. Our management team has developed deep, long-term relationships with successful founders, operators, and directors across our target industries. Khosla Ventures has also helped many of its private portfolio investments go public, creating significant value for both founders, pre-IPO investors and public market investors alike. We believe our understanding of private deal execution and public capital markets, and valuation dynamics in both markets, make us uniquely positioned to identify and execute a business combination with a growth orientation. For example, over the last six months five Khosla Ventures portfolio companies went public via IPO or SPAC acquisition representing a total combined aggregate value of approximately $6 billion. We think that our anticipated goal of establishing a minority ownership position as a result of a business combination where we are supporting a management team in executing their vision while remaining involved as a shareholder will resonate with a broad range of potential companies.
Our Management Team
Our management team will consist of Vinod Khosla, our Founder, Samir Kaul, our Chief Executive Officer, and Peter Buckland, our CFO, and our independent directors, as further described below.
Mr. Khosla is an entrepreneur, investor and technologist. Prior to founding Khosla Ventures in 2004, Mr. Khosla served as a General Partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers (KPCB) from 1986 until 2004
  93
Table of Contents
during which time Mr. Khosla and his partners at KPCB made significant early investments in companies such as Google, Amazon, Intuit, Netscape, AOL and Juniper Networks, among many other highly successful companies. Prior to joining KPCB, Mr. Khosla served as the founding CEO of Sun Microsystems. We believe Mr. Khosla’s personal network, along with those of the other management team members, can produce a differentiated opportunity for the company. We also believe his experience investing in public and private markets makes him ideally suited for a transaction of this type. Mr. Khosla received his bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, his master’s degree in biomedical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University, and his MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Mr. Kaul serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kaul is a Founding Partner and Managing Director at Khosla Ventures, where he focuses on health, sustainability, food, and advanced technology investments. Samir led the firm’s investments in Cadre, Guardant Health, Impossible Foods, Mojo Vision, View, Nutanix, Oscar, Quantumscape, and Ultima, among others. Prior to co-founding Khosla Ventures, Mr. Kaul spent five years at Flagship Ventures where he was involved in co-founding Helicos BioSciences. Mr. Kaul received his bachelor’s degree in biology from the University of Michigan, his master’s degree in biochemistry from University of Maryland College Park, and his MBA from Harvard Business School.
Mr. Buckland serves as our CFO. Mr. Buckland is a Partner, Managing Director and COO at Khosla Ventures. Mr. Buckland has spent the last 20+ years in Silicon Valley advising founders, entrepreneurs and technology companies. Prior to joining Khosla Ventures, Mr. Buckland was a Partner at WilmerHale LLP, where he was Vice Chair of its Corporate Group and led the firm’s emerging growth technology practice. Mr. Buckland received his bachelor’s degrees from the University of California Santa Barbara and his JD from the University of San Francisco School of Law.
Our Independent Director Nominees
Our efforts to seek a suitable business combination target will be complemented and augmented by the expertise and network of relationships of our directors, who each have extensive experience in business and financial matters.
In addition to our seasoned management team, we have assembled a strong group of strategic board advisors. The board is expected to be comprised of Samir Kaul, Rajiv Shah (President of Rockefeller Foundation), Jagdeep Singh (Founder and CEO of QuantumScape), Derek Anthony West (Chief Legal Officer of Uber), Molly Coye (Executive in Residence at AVIA Health), Mario Schlosser (Chief Executive Officer of Oscar) and Dmitri Shklovsky (Founder of Bullingham Capital). These individuals bring together a breadth of operating experience, industry connectivity and proprietary access to leading companies that enhance Khosla Ventures value proposition. Our strategic board advisors will be a driving force in our efforts to identify a target and effect a business combination, and may invest personal capital in the transaction.
Notwithstanding our founders’ (including Khosla Ventures’) and management team’s past experiences, past performance is not a guarantee (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) that we will provide an attractive return to our stockholders from any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our founders’ (including Khosla Ventures’) and management’s performance as indicative of our future performance. See “Risk Factors — Past performance of our founders (including Khosla Ventures) and the other members of our management team, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us, and we may be unable to provide positive returns to stockholders.” For more information, see the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest.”
Our Founder Share Structure
We have structured our founder shares to provide better aligned incentives than a typical blank check company. The Class K founder shares will only provide our sponsor, officers and directors with significant value
  94
Table of Contents
if our Class A common stock, following our initial business combination, experiences significant price appreciation, which we believe aligns our interests with the interests of both our public stockholders and continuing stockholders of any targets we may seek to acquire. Importantly, unlike most SPACs, our sponsor will receive a financial benefit that is directly coupled to the value that is created for the investors.
The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares (excluding any private placement shares and forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering) would represent 15% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering (excluding shares of Class K common stock and private placement shares), with the potential for the founder shares (excluding any private placement shares and forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering) to represent in the aggregate up to 30% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering and at the time of our initial business combination (excluding shares issued to any sellers in such business combination and any private placement shares) based on certain triggering events. The Class K founder shares are non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus. We believe this better aligns the incentives of our sponsor with that of our investors.
Our Business Strategy
Our business strategy is to identify and complete a business combination that can create value for our shareholders over time. We believe our management team’s years of experience and our deep network of relationships should allow us to identify a wide range of attractive opportunities for the company. Our networks include, among others, entrepreneurs, universities, research institutions, Nobel Prize winners, public and private company management teams (from early stage venture to the Fortune 500), venture capital and private equity investors, investment bankers, attorneys, and management consultants.
Our acquisition philosophy is rooted in several core tenets, consistent with those that have been utilized by Khosla Ventures as they evaluate investment opportunities:
    •  
Large and Growing Addressable Market: Our management team will prioritize investing in large and growing industries that are poised for disruption by new technologies. We look for both large problems amenable to technology solutions as well as businesses able to scale to meet the market.
    •  
Proprietary Technology Advantage: We seek businesses protected by proprietary technology advantages, especially scientific breakthroughs and intellectual property. We believe that significant technology innovation creates a protected moat which provides for years of durable, compounding growth and expanding margins.
    •  
Scaling Business with Compelling Growth Opportunity: While we are primarily focused on the topline growth potential, we will seek to acquire a company which has achieved sufficient technology and business maturity while still maintaining significant runway to capture share in a large addressable market. We look for favorable secular trends and attractive unit economics which can be further enhanced as the business grows.
    •  
World Class Management Teams: We seek to partner with creative and ambitious management teams that have a track record of success to help them execute their vision.
This philosophy is combined with our management team’s historic approach to investing:
    •  
Be Bold Early and Impactful: We look for companies and founders pursuing significant technology innovation that have potential to have a significant positive impact on the world
  95
Table of Contents
  •  
Short Innovation Cycles: We look for rapid innovation cycles so proof points and results are available quickly. Large, capital-intensive products heighten the technology risk.
    •  
Long Investment Horizon: When evaluating a business opportunity, we will seek to carefully analyze the extent to which a company’s “moat” will continue to deepen as it scales and what future product and financial implications that may have in the fullness of time. We seek businesses with long and clear runways for compound growth.
    •  
Opportunity to be Additive: We are active partners in the company-building business. We are seeking an acquisition where our involvement will unlock outsized returns.
Following the initial business combination, we expect to help the post-business combination entity continue its growth trajectory for many years to come. We expect to collaborate with management on a number of initiatives, including, but not limited to, navigating the public markets, mergers and acquisitions, capital allocation decisions, talent acquisition, and broadening their network of potential partners and customers. We believe our team’s track record of success and support of management teams will make us a partner of choice for a high-quality business.
Our Acquisition Criteria
Consistent with our investment philosophy and strategy, we plan to identify high-quality businesses run by exceptional teams pursuing large market opportunities that are amenable to disruption by technology. We expect to be guided by the criteria outlined above in evaluating opportunities, but we may decide to complete our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet some or all of these criteria.
The criteria set forth above are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management and our investment team may deem relevant.
Our Acquisition Process
In evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive due diligence review to seek to determine a company’s quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document reviews, technology diligence, multiple meetings with management, consultations with relevant industry and academic experts, competitors, customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target company. We expect to place significant emphasis on diligencing a business combination target’s technology and intellectual property as part of our acquisition evaluation process, consistent with the investment approach of Khosla Ventures and our management team. This due diligence may include the engagement of multiple technical experts across both industry and academia to review the technology, participation in joint due diligence meetings with these technical experts and management, as well as detailed intellectual property due diligence, to determine the nature and quality of a company’s technology innovation.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction.
Members of our and Khosla Ventures’ management teams, including our officers and directors, will directly or indirectly own our securities following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in
  96
Table of Contents
determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as our and Khosla Ventures’ management teams, may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination, including if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors, and management team members was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to such business combination.
We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target.
Each of our directors, director nominees and officers presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company, and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.
Our founders, sponsor, officers, and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor are currently sponsoring two other blank check companies, KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III. KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III may seek to complete a business combination in any location and are not focusing on any particular industry for business combinations. Further, Mr. Khosla, our Founder; Mr. Kaul, our, President, Chief Executive Officer and director; and Mr. Buckland, our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, serve in the same capacities for each of KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III. Any such companies, including KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts with KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination because our management team has significant experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously and we are not limited by industry or geography in terms of the acquisition opportunities we can pursue. In addition, our founders, sponsor, officers, and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
Initial Business Combination
In accordance with Nasdaq listing rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80% of fair market value test. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our
  97
Table of Contents
board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80% of fair market value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board of directors is less familiar or experienced with the target company’s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target company’s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board of directors determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80% of fair market value test, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our stockholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to stockholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
  98
Table of Contents
To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us.
The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.
Status as a Public Company
We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.
Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.
While we believe that our structure and our management team’s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
  99
Table of Contents
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700.0 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed $250.0 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed $100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed $700.0 million as of the prior June 30.
Financial Position
With funds available for a business combination from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares initially in the amount of $300,000,000, after payment of the estimated expenses of this offering and $10,500,000 of deferred underwriting fees (or $345,000,000 after payment of $12,075,000 of deferred underwriting fees if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.
Effecting our Initial Business Combination
We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering, the private placements of the private placement shares, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.
If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
We currently do not have any specific business combination under consideration. Our officers and directors have neither individually selected nor considered a target business, nor have they had any discussions regarding
  100
Table of Contents
possible target businesses among themselves or with our underwriters or other advisors. Some of the members of our management team are employed by certain affiliates of Khosla Ventures. Khosla Ventures is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination, but we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business or had any discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to a business combination transaction. We have not (nor have any of our agents or affiliates) been approached by any candidates (or representative of any candidates) with respect to a possible acquisition transaction with us and we will not consider a business combination with any company that has already been identified to Khosla Ventures as a suitable acquisition candidate for it. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, taken any measure, directly or indirectly, to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us, nor have we engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any such acquisition candidate.
We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with any business combination target. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business, other than our officers and directors. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.
We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.
Sources of Target Businesses
Our process of identifying acquisition targets will leverage our sponsor and our management team’s industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities and broad and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants, restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. We expect that the collective experience, capability and network of our sponsor, our directors and officers, combined with their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, will help to create prospective business combination opportunities.
In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their respective affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions.
We also expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do
  101
Table of Contents
not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder’s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder’s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated acquisition of such target by us.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. See “Management — Conflicts of Interest.”
Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination
Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of fair market value test. There is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the
  102
Table of Contents
possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination.
To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the initial business combination transaction.
The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination.
Lack of Business Diversification
For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
    •  
subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and
    •  
cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team
Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
  103
Table of Contents
Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination
We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons.
Under Nasdaq’s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:
    •  
we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of our shares of common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering);
    •  
any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5% or more; or
    •  
the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control.
The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:
    •  
the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;
    •  
the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote;
    •  
the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;
    •  
other time and budget constraints of the company; and
    •  
additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders.
Permitted Purchases of Our Securities
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act.
  104
Table of Contents
Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of our Class A common stock) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the stockholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.
Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be
  105
Table of Contents
approximately $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, directors and each member of our management have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination.
Limitations on Redemptions
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Manner of Conducting Redemptions
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking stockholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our shares of outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules.
If we held a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
    •  
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and
    •  
file proxy materials with the SEC.
In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.
  106
Table of Contents
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holder present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering, in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need 11,452,943, or 38.2% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over- allotment option is not exercised). These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will complete our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, directors and each member of our management, have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination.
If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
    •  
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and
    •  
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its
  107
Table of Contents
owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of our Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of our Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to the Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights
Public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the initial business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the initial vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.
There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately $80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking
  108
Table of Contents
to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.
The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an “option window” after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company’s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become “option” rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming stockholder’s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved.
Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination.
If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.
If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of this offering, or 27 months from the closing of this offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we will have only the period to consummate the initial business combination to complete an initial business combination. If we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
  109
Table of Contents
Our sponsor, directors and each member of our management have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination. However, if our sponsor, directors or members of our management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination.
Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person.
We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account plus up to $100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering the sale of the private placement shares, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than $10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims.
Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us
  110
Table of Contents
than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriters will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, and our sponsor asserts that they are unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.00 per share.
We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately $1,000,000 from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately $100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such stockholder. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $2,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our
  111
Table of Contents
estimate of $2,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.
Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn
  112
Table of Contents
to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public stockholders who redeem their shares of our Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, with respect to such shares of our Class A common stock so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote.
Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with our Initial Business Combination and if We Do Not Complete our Initial Business Combination
The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we have not completed our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination.
       Redemptions in Connection
with our Initial Business
Combination
   Other Permitted Purchases
of
Public Shares by us or
our Affiliates
   Redemptions if we fail to
Complete an Initial
Business
Combination
Calculation of redemption price    Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be    If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination,    If we have not completed an initial business combination within the
  113
Table of Contents
     Redemptions in Connection
with our Initial Business
Combination
   Other Permitted Purchases
of
Public Shares by us or
our Affiliates
   Redemptions if we fail to
Complete an Initial
Business
Combination
   made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination.    our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.    period to consummate the initial business combination, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares.
  114
Table of Contents
     Redemptions in Connection
with our Initial Business
Combination
   Other Permitted Purchases
of
Public Shares by us or
our Affiliates
   Redemptions if we fail to
Complete an Initial
Business
Combination
Impact to remaining stockholders    The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable.    If the permitted purchases described above are made, there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us.    The redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our sponsor, who will be our only remaining stockholder after such redemptions.
Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419
The following table compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419. This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering.
       Terms of Our Offering
   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds    $300,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.    Approximately $255,150,000 of the offering proceeds, representing the gross proceeds of this offering would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
Investment of net proceeds    $300,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares held in trust will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.    Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
Receipt of interest on escrowed funds    Interest income (if any) on proceeds from the trust account to    Interest income on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole
  115
Table of Contents
     Terms of Our Offering
   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
   be paid to stockholders is reduced by (i) any taxes paid or payable and (ii) in the event of our liquidation for failure to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time, up to $100,000 of net interest that may be released to us should we have no or insufficient working capital to fund the costs and expenses of our dissolution and liquidation.    benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to us in connection with our completion of a business combination
Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business    Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.    The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
Trading of securities issued    The public shares are expected to begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus.    No trading of the public shares would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
Election to remain an investor    We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per-share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described    A prospectus containing information pertaining to the initial business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post-effective amendment to the company’s registration statement, to decide if he, she or it elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of his, her or its investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or
  116
Table of Contents
     Terms of Our Offering
   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
   herein. We may not be required by law to hold a stockholder vote. If we are not required by law and do not otherwise decide to hold a stockholder vote, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, we hold a stockholder vote, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.    dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the securities are issued.
Business combination deadline    If we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay    If an acquisition has not been completed within 18 months after the effective date of the company’s registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors.
  117
Table of Contents
     Terms of Our Offering
   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
   our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.   
Release of funds   
Except for the withdrawal of interest income (if any) to pay our taxes, if any, none of the funds held in trust will be released from the trust account until the earliest of:
  (i) the completion of our initial business combination,
  (ii) the redemption of 100% of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, subject to applicable law, or
  (iii) the redemption of our public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that (A) would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not completed an initial
   The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
  118
Table of Contents
     Terms of Our Offering
   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
   business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (B) with respect to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock and any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity.   
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
Competition
In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.
Facilities
Our executive offices are located at 2128 Sand Hill Rd, Menlo Park, CA 94025, and our telephone number is (650) 376-8500. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
Employees
We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Periodic Reporting and Financial Information
We will register our Class A common stock under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm.
We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or
  119
Table of Contents
reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.
We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700.0 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.
Legal Proceedings
There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus.
  120
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT
Founder, Officers, Directors and Director Nominees
Our founder, officers, directors and director nominees are as follows:
  Name    Age      Position
Founder
      Vinod Khosla
     66      Founder
Officers
      Samir Kaul
     48      Chief Executive Officer, Director
Peter Buckland
     51      Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
Director Nominees
      Jagdeep Singh
     53      Director Nominee
Rajiv J. Shah
     47      Director Nominee
Derek Anthony West
     55      Director Nominee
Molly Coye
     73      Director Nominee
Mario Schlosser
     42      Director Nominee
Dmitri Shklovsky
     45      Director Nominee
Vinod Khosla. Mr. Khosla is an entrepreneur, investor and technologist. In 2004, he founded Khosla Ventures, a venture capital firm. Mr. Khosla holds a Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering from IIT Delhi, a Masters in Biomedical Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business. Mr. Khosla has authored numerous articles in the past about technology and the future of technology, including “Reinventing Societal Infrastructure with Technology (2018)”, “20% Doctor Included (2016)”, and “Critical Climate Technology Breakthroughs (2020)”. Additionally, Mr. Khosla was the Founder of KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III.
Samir Kaul. Mr. Kaul has served as a member of our Board since January 2021. Mr. Kaul has been a General Partner at Khosla Ventures, a venture capital firm, since February 2006 and currently serves on the boards of directors of several private and public companies, including Guardant Health and Jack Creek Investment Corp. Additionally, Mr. Kaul has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of KV Acquisition I and KV Acquisition III since their inceptions in January 2021. Mr. Kaul holds a B.S. degree in Biology from the University of Michigan, an M.S. degree in Biochemistry from the University of Maryland and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Kaul is qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his wide-ranging experience in technology companies and insight in the management of startup companies and the building of companies from early stage to commercial scale.
Peter Buckland. Mr. Buckland has served as our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary since January 2021. Mr. Buckland has been a Partner, Managing Director and COO at Khosla Ventures since October 2019. Prior to joining Khosla Ventures, Mr. Buckland was a Partner at WilmerHale LLP, where he was Vice Chair of its Corporate Group and led the firm’s emerging growth technology practice. Additionally, Mr. Buckland has served as the Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of KV Acquisition I and KV Acquisition III since their inceptions in January 2021. Mr. Buckland received his bachelor’s degrees from the University of California Santa Barbara and his JD from the University of San Francisco School of Law.
Jagdeep Singh. Mr. Singh founded QuantumScape (NYSE: QS) and has served as their Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board since its incorporation in May 2010. Prior to joining QuantumScape, he was the founder and Chief Executive Officer at Infinera Corporation (NASDAQ: INFN), a telecommunications company, from 2001 to 2009. Mr. Singh holds a B.S. in Computer Science from the University of Maryland College Park, an M.B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business, and a M.S. in Computer Science from Stanford University.
  121
Table of Contents
Rajiv J. Shah. Dr. Shah has served as President of the Rockefeller Foundation, a private foundation with a mission to promote the well-being of humanity around the world, since 2017. Prior to joining the Rockefeller Foundation, Dr. Shah was appointed USAID Administrator by President Barack H. Obama in 2009. Prior to his appointment at USAID, Dr. Shah served as Chief Scientist and Undersecretary for Research, Education and Economics at the United States Department of Agriculture where he created the National Institute for Food and Agriculture. Dr. Shah founded Latitude Capital in 2015, a private equity firm focused on power and infrastructure projects in Africa and Asia, and he served as a Distinguished Fellow in Residence at Georgetown University. Previously, he served at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Dr. Shah holds a B.S. in Economics from the University of Michigan, a Medical Doctorate from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, and a M.S.C. in Health Economics from the Wharton School of Business.
Derek Anthony West. Mr. West has served as Uber’s (NYSE: UBER) Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since November 2017. Prior to joining Uber, Mr. West served as Executive Vice President, Government Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from November 2014 to November 2017 at PepsiCo Inc. (NASDAQ: PEP), a food and beverage company. Prior to joining PepsiCo, Mr. West served as Associate Attorney General of the United States from March 2012 to September 2014, after previously serving as the Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Division in the U.S. Department of Justice from April 2009 to March 2012. From November 2001 to April 2009, Mr. West was a partner at Morrison & Foerster LLP. He also served as Special Assistant Attorney General at the California Department of Justice from 1999 to 2001 and, prior to that, as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Northern District of California.
Molly Coye. Ms. Coye is the Executive in Residence at AVIA Health, the nation’s leading digital transformation partner for healthcare organizations, since 2016. Prior to joining AVIA Health, Ms. Coye
served as a Senior Advisor at the Network for Excellence in Health Innovation (NEHI) from 2015 until 2017. Ms. Coye also served as an Advisor at the Massachusetts Health Policy Commission from 2016 to 2017. Ms. Coye holds a Doctor of Medicine from The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and a Master of Public Health from The Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.
Mario Schlosser. Mr. Schlosser founded Oscar Insurance, a technology-driven health insurance company, and has served as their Chief Executive Officer since their incorporation in 2012. Prior to founding Oscar, Mr. Schlosser co-founded Votsu in 2006, a video game development company, where he led their analytics and game design practices. Prior to co-founding Votsu, Mr. Schlosser worked as a Senior Investment Associate at Bridgewater Associates and as a consultant for McKinsey & Company. In 2002, he was a visiting scholar at Stanford University. Mr. Schlosser holds a Masters in Electrical Engineering from the University of Hannover and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
Dmitri Shklovsky. Mr. Shklovsky is the founder and managing partner of Bullingham Capital, a New York based private investment firm. Prior to 2019, Mr. Shkolvsky was a co-founder and managing partner of Atreaus Capital, a multi-billion dollar global macro and commodities hedge fund with offices in New York and London. Before co-founding Atreaus Capital in 2011, he served as a proprietary trader at both J.P. Morgan and Barclays. Mr. Shklovsky was also with Tudor Investment Corporation, a leading multi-strategy hedge fund, and he began his career in 1998 at Long Term Capital Management, a Greenwich CT based hedge fund. Mr. Shklovsky is a trustee and a board member of the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Foundation and serves on the Cornell University Engineering College Council. He received his B.S. in Computer Science and M.Eng. in Operations Research and Financial Engineering from Cornell University.
Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors
We intend to have                  directors upon completion of this offering. Our board of directors will be divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In
  122
Table of Contents
accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of                  and                , will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of                  and                 , will expire at our second annual meeting of the stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of                 -and                , will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we complete our initial business combination.
Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.
Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our sponsor, upon completion of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as our sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration rights agreement.
Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to nominate persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.
Director Independence
Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We intend to add “independent directors” as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules prior to completion of this offering. Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we expect to have              “independent directors” as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.
Executive Officer and Director Compensation
None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their respective affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and completing an initial business combination. In addition, prior to the completion of this offering, our sponsor will transfer 40,000 Class B founder shares to each of our independent director nominees at their original purchase price. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including
  123
Table of Contents
finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination.
After the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.
We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the completion of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
Committees of the Board of Directors
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our board of directors will have three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a corporate governance and nominating committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.
Audit Committee
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors.                 ,                and                  will serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of                 ,                  and                  is independent under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules.                 will serve as the chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that each of                 ,                 and                  qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules.
    •  
appointing, compensating and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm;
    •  
reviewing and approving the annual audit plan for the company;
    •  
overseeing the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
    •  
discussing the annual audited financial statements and unaudited quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm;
    •  
pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;
  124
Table of Contents
  •  
appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;
    •  
establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints (including anonymous complaints) we receive concerning accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing matters or potential violations of law;
    •  
monitoring our environmental sustainability and governance practices;
    •  
establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies;
    •  
approving audit and non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm;
    •  
discussing earnings press releases and financial information provided to analysts and rating agencies;
    •  
discussing with management our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management;
    •  
reviewing any material transaction between our Chief Financial Officer that has been approved in accordance with our Code of Ethics for our officers, and providing prior written approval of any material transaction between us and our President; and
    •  
producing an annual report for inclusion in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations.
The audit committee is a separately designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act.
Compensation Committee
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee will be                  and                 , and                  will serve as chairman of the compensation committee.
Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of                  and                  is independent. We will adopt a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
    •  
reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to our President’s compensation, evaluating our President’s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and setting our President’s compensation level based on this evaluation;
    •  
setting salaries and approving incentive compensation and equity awards, as well as compensation policies, for all other officers who file reports of their ownership, and changes in ownership, of the company’s common stock under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (the “Section 16 Officers”), as designated by our board of directors;
    •  
making recommendations to the board of directors with respect to incentive compensation programs and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval;
    •  
approving any employment or severance agreements with our Section 16 Officers;
    •  
granting any awards under equity compensation plans and annual bonus plans to our President and the Section 16 Officers;
    •  
approving the compensation of our directors; and
  125
Table of Contents
  •  
producing an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations.
The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors.
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish a corporate governance and nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our corporate governance and nominating committee will be                  and                 , and                  will serve as chairman of the corporate governance and nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a corporate governance and nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of                ,                 and                  is independent.
The primary function of the corporate governance and nominating committee include:
    •  
identifying individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding nominees for election;
    •  
reviewing the independence of each director and making a recommendation to the board of directors with respect to each director’s independence;
    •  
developing and recommending to the board of directors the corporate governance principles applicable to us and reviewing our corporate governance guidelines at least annually;
    •  
making recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the membership of the audit, compensation and corporate governance and nominating committees;
    •  
overseeing the evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and its committees on a continuing basis, including an annual self-evaluation of the performance of the corporate governance and nominating committee;
    •  
considering the adequacy of our governance structures and policies, including as they relate to our environmental sustainability and governance practices;
    •  
considering director nominees recommended by stockholders; and
    •  
reviewing our overall corporate governance and reporting to the board of directors on its findings and any recommendations.
Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees
The guidelines for selecting nominees, which will be specified a charter to be adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated:
    •  
should possess personal qualities and characteristics, accomplishments and reputation in the business community;
  126
Table of Contents
  •  
should have current knowledge and contacts in the communities in which we do business and in our industry or other industries relevant to our business;
    •  
should have the ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters;
    •  
should demonstrate ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters;
    •  
should possess the fit of the individual’s skills and personality with those of other directors and potential directors in building a board of directors that is effective, collegial and responsive to our needs; and
    •  
should demonstrate diversity of viewpoints, background, experience, and other demographics, and all aspects of diversity in order to enable the board of directors to perform its duties and responsibilities effectively, including candidates with a diversity of age, gender, nationality, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation.
Each year in connection with the nomination of candidates for election to the board of directors, the corporate governance and nominating committee will evaluate the background of each candidate, including candidates that may be submitted by our stockholders.
Code of Ethics
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We will file a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.”
Conflicts of Interest
In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:
    •  
the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;
    •  
the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and
    •  
it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.
Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination.
In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business
  127
Table of Contents
combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor are currently sponsoring two other blank check companies, KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III. KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III may seek to complete a business combination in any location and are not focusing on any particular industry for business combinations. Further, Mr. Khosla, our Founder; Mr. Kaul, our, President, Chief Executive Officer and director; and Mr. Buckland, our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, serve in the same capacities for each of KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III. Any such companies, including KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts with KV Acquisition II and KV Acquisition III would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination because our management team has significant experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously and we are not limited by industry or geography in terms of the acquisition opportunities we can pursue. Although we have no formal policy in place for vetting potential conflicts of interest, our board of directors will review any potential conflicts of interest on a case-by-case basis.
  128
Table of Contents
Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our founder, executive officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships:
  Individual  
Entity
  Entity’s Business
   Affiliation
Vinod Khosla   Khosla Ventures(1)   Technology    Founder
  KV Acquisition II(2)   Blank Check Company    Founder
    KV Acquisition III(2)   Blank Check Company    Founder
Samir Kaul   Khosla Ventures(1)   Technology    Managing Director, General Partner
  KV Acquisition II(2)   Blank Check Company    President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
  KV Acquisition III(2)   Blank Check Company    President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
    Jack Creek Investment Corp.   Blank Check Company    Director
Peter Buckland   Khosla Ventures(1)   Technology    Managing Director, General Partner and Chief Operating Officer
  KV Acquisition II(2)   Blank Check Company    Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
    KV Acquisition III(2)   Blank Check Company    Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
Rajiv Shah   Omeros Corporation   Healthcare    Director
    Rockefeller Foundation
  Non Profit    President
Jagdeep Singh   QuantumScape   Technology    Founder and CEO
Derek Anthony West   Uber   Technology    Chief Legal Officer
Molly Coye   Amedisys   Healthcare    Director
    AVIA Health
  Healthcare    Executive in Residence
Mario Schlosser  
Oscar(3)
  Insurance    Chief Executive Officer
Dmitri Shklovsky  
Bullingham Capital
  Venture Capital
   Founder
  (1)
Includes Khosla Ventures and certain of its funds and other affiliates including affiliated portfolio companies.
  129
Table of Contents
(2)
These entities’ amended and restated certificates of incorporation will contain a waiver of the corporate opportunity doctrine. Accordingly, there are no conflicting obligations to bring opportunities to these entities before the Company.
(3)
Includes Oscar Insurance Corporation and other affiliates.
Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:
    •  
Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.
    •  
Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this prospectus and will purchase private placement shares in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering.
    •  
Our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their Class B founder shares (and any shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon conversion thereof) until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property and (ii) any of their shares of Class K common stock for any reason, other than to specified permitted transferees or subsequent to our initial business combination in connection with a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property; provided, that any shares of Class A commons stock issued upon conversion of any shares of Class K common stock will not be subject to such restrictions on transfer.
    •  
The private placement shares will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because certain of our executive officers and directors will own common stock directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
    •  
Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
  130
Table of Contents
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination, except our sponsor will transfer 40,000 Class B founder shares to each of our independent director nominees at their original purchase price prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.
In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, and our sponsor and the members of our management team have agreed to vote any shares purchased during or after the offering, in favor of our initial business combination.
Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.
We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification.
We expect to purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we complete an initial business combination.
Our indemnification obligations may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
  131
Table of Contents
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our Class A common stock offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of public shares in this offering, by:
    •  
each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock;
    •  
each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees that beneficially owns shares of common stock; and
    •  
all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our common stock beneficially owned by them.
In January 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.0025 per share, in exchange for the issuance of 5,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 and 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock, par value $0.0001. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The post-offering percentages in the following table assume that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option.
              Approximate
Percentage of
Outstanding Common
stock  
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)    Number of
Shares
Beneficially
Owned(2)(3)      ‘Before
Offering     After
Offering  
Khosla Ventures SPAC Sponsor LLC (our sponsor)(4)
     5,000,000        100.0 %      15.0 % 
Vinod Khosla
        Samir Kaul
        Peter Buckland
        Jagdeep Singh
        Rajiv Shah
        Derek Anthony West
        Molly Coye
        Mario Schlosser
        Dmitri Shklovsky
        All executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group (9 individuals)
     5,000,000        100.0 %      15.0 % 
  *
less than 1%.
(1)
Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co., 2128 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025.
(2)
On the first day following the completion of our business combination, the Class B founder shares will automatically convert into a number of shares of our Class A common stock equal to 15% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any overallotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus (iii) unless waived, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
  132
Table of Contents
  securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, (y) any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class K founder shares and (z) any private placement shares. If calculated based on the public shares outstanding as of immediately after this offering the shares of Class B common stock would be convertible (on the first day following the completion of our business combination) into an aggregate of 5,294,117 shares of Class A common stock (6,088,235 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full).
(3)
Does not include shares of Class A common stock that may be issuable upon conversion of the 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock, which amount would be up to 7,563,026 shares of Class A common stock (8,697,479 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full) as of immediately after this offering. The Class K founder shares are non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein, but only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all shares of Class K common stock that are issued and outstanding on the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination will be automatically forfeited.
(4)
Khosla Ventures SPAC Sponsor LLC is owned and controlled by                .
The Class B founder shares held by our initial stockholders will represent 15% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering (excluding the Class K common stock, the private placement shares, forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering), with the potential to own as a result of their Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares in the aggregate up to 30% of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of this offering (excluding the private placement shares, forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering) based on certain triggering events.
Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination.
The holders of the founder shares have agreed (a) to vote any founder shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination.
Our sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.
Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares
The founder shares, private placement shares and any shares of our Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreements entered into by our sponsor and management team.
Our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell:
    •  
any of their Class B founder shares until the earlier to occur of (a) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (b) upon completion of our initial business combination, (x) if the last
  133
Table of Contents
  reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; and
    •  
any of their shares of Class K common stock for any reason, other than to specified permitted transferees or subsequent to our initial business combination in connection with a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, provided that any shares of Class A commons stock issued upon conversion of any shares of Class K common stock will not be subject to such restrictions on transfer.
The private placement shares are not transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members or partners of our sponsor or its affiliates, any affiliates of our sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual’s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual’s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the completion of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, private placement shares or Class A common stock, as applicable, were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of the limited partnership agreements or other applicable organizational documents of our sponsor upon dissolution of our sponsor; (g) as distributions to limited partners or members of our sponsor; (h) by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware or of our sponsor’s organizational documents upon liquidation or dissolution of our sponsor; (i) to the company for no value for cancellation in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (j) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (k) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (h), or with the prior written consent of the company, these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements.
  134
Table of Contents
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
On January 19, 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.0025 per share, in exchange for the issuance of 5,000,000 Class B founder shares, par value $0.0001, and 5,000,000 Class K founder shares, par value $0.0001.
The Class B founder shares held by our initial stockholders will represent 15% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering (excluding the Class K common stock, the private placement shares, forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering), with the potential to own as a result of their Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares in the aggregate up to 30% of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of this offering (excluding the private placement shares, forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering) based on certain triggering events.
The founder shares (including the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Prior to the completion of this offering, our sponsor will transfer a certain amount of Class B founder shares to each of our independent director nominees at their original purchase price.
Our sponsor has agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,500,000 shares of Class A common stock (the “forward-purchase shares”) for $10.00 per share, or an aggregate maximum amount of $25,000,000, in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. The forward-purchase shares will be identical to the public shares being sold in this offering, except the forward-purchase shares will be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights, as described herein.
Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 900,000 private placement shares (or 990,000 private placement shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) for a purchase price of $10.00 per share in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. As such, our sponsor’s interest in this transaction is valued at between $9,000,000 and $9,900,000, depending on the number of private placement shares purchased. The private placement shares may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.
As more fully discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.
Other than equity provided to our independent directors, no compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of January 19, 2021, we have not borrowed any amount under the promissory note with our sponsor. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of this offering. The
  135
Table of Contents
loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the estimated $1,000,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions). The value of our sponsor’s interest in this transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan.
In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
We will enter into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement shares, the forward purchase shares and the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares.
Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions
The audit committee of our board of directors will adopt a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of “related party transactions,” which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee’s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates.
These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer.
To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
  136
Table of Contents
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
We are a Delaware corporation and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the DGCL. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation we will be authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock, 30,000,000 shares of our Class B common stock and 30,000,000 shares of our Class K common stock, as well as 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms of our capital stock as set out more particularly in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
Common Stock
Prior to the date of this prospectus, there were 5,000,000 shares of our Class B common stock issued and outstanding, all of which were held of record by our initial stockholders. The Class B founder shares held by our initial stockholders will represent 15% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering (excluding the Class K common stock, the private placement shares, forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering), with the potential to own as a result of their Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares in the aggregate up to 30% of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of this offering (excluding the private placement shares, forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering) based on certain triggering events.
Upon the closing of this offering, the following shares of common stock will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option):
    •  
30,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock issued as part of this offering;
    •  
5,000,000 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholder, convertible into 5,294,117 shares of Class A common stock (6,088,235 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full), subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments as described elsewhere herein;
    •  
5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock held by our initial stockholder, convertible only upon certain triggering events, as described elsewhere in this prospectus, into up to 7,563,026 shares of Class A common stock (up to 8,697,479 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full) as of immediately after this offering, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments as described elsewhere herein; and
    •  
900,000 shares of Class A common stock held by our initial stockholder (990,000 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full) issued as private placement shares.
Stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held (on an as-converted to Class A common stock basis) on all matters to be voted on by stockholders, provided that the shares of Class K common stock shall be non-voting except as required by law. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our Class K founder shares and public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our Class B founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended only by approval of 90% of the shares of common stock voting in an annual meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our Class B founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote for each share held (on an as-converted to Class A common stock basis).
  137
Table of Contents
Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.
Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of our Class A common stock which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold annual meetings of stockholders for the purpose of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the completion of an initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
  138
Table of Contents
incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of our initial business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding common stock, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders’ inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need 11,452,943, or 38.2% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and members of our management team
  139
Table of Contents
have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination. However, if our sponsor or members of our management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period.
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.
Founder Shares
The founder shares are designated as Class B common stock and Class K common stock and, except as described below, are identical to the public shares being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that: (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, although it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares it holds if we do not complete our initial business combination within such time period, (iii) the Class B founder shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination as described herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, (iv) the Class K founder shares will be non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination, as described herein, but only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus, and (v) prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only our Class B founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of our directors. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination.
The Class B founder shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Class B founder shares will equal, in the
  140
Table of Contents
aggregate on an as-converted basis, 15% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, (y) any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class K founder shares and (z) any private placement shares.
The shares of Class K common stock will be convertible into shares of Class A common stock at a ratio such that the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares (including both Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares) would equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 20%, 25% or 30% (based on varying triggers as discussed in more detail below) of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any private placement shares.
If between the one year anniversary of our initial business combination and the ten year anniversary of our initial business combination the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds one or more of the share targets described below, one-third of the shares of Class K common stock for each such target achievement will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the 20%, 25% and 30% conversion ratios described above (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like):
    •  
20% at $30.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period (the “First Price Vesting”);
    •  
25% at $40.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period (the “Second Price Vesting”); and
    •  
30% at $50.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period (the “Third Price Vesting”).
For example, if fifteen months following the consummation of our initial business combination the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $40.00 but does not exceed $50.00 for 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period, both the First Price Vesting and Second Price Vesting target achievements will be met, resulting in two-thirds of the shares of Class K common stock converting into a number of shares of Class A common stock that, together with the Class A common stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares, would represent 25% of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise
  141
Table of Contents
their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued that would, based on these triggers, be issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived by our sponsor, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any private placement shares.
In the event of any liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction consummated after our initial business combination (“Strategic Transaction”) and before the one-year anniversary of our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property at an effective price of at least $15.00 per share of Class A common stock (a “Qualifying Strategic Transaction”), all of the Shares of Class K common stock will convert into shares of Class A common stock at a ratio such that the sum of the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all of the shares of Class K common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) of the sum of the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon the consummation of this offering, including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Class K common stock that are converting, plus (unless waived by our sponsor) the sum of the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination (net of any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders), excluding the private placement shares and any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination.
In the event of any Strategic Transaction occurring after the one year anniversary of our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property with an effective price of at least $10.00 per share of Class A common stock, all of the then-outstanding shares of Class K common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the conversion ratios described above (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), with the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares to be determined as follows:
    •  
if (and only if) the First Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $20.00 per share and less than or equal to $30.00 per share, the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to (i) 15% plus (ii) the product of 5% multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to $30.00 minus the effective price of the Strategic Transaction and the denominator of which is $10.00 (each as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like);
    •  
if (and only if) the Second Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $30.00 per share and less than or equal to $40.00 per share, the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to (i) 20% plus (ii) the product of 5% multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal $40.00 minus to the effective price of the Strategic Transaction and the denominator of which is $10.00 (each as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like);
  142
Table of Contents
  •  
if (and only if) the Third Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $40.00 per share and less than or equal to $50.00 per share (a “Third Strategic Transaction Price Vesting Event”), the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to (i) 25% plus (ii) the product of 5% multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to $50.00 minus the effective price of the Strategic Transaction and the denominator of which is $10.00 (each as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like); and
    •  
if (and only if) the Third Price Vesting shall not have occurred prior to or in connection with such Strategic Transaction and the effective price of the Strategic Transaction is greater than $50.00, then the applicable aggregate percentage of founder shares would be equal to 30%.
All shares of Class K common stock that are issued and outstanding on the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination will be automatically forfeited.
Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their Class B founder shares (and any shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon conversion thereof) until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property and (ii) any of their shares of Class K common stock for any reason, other than to specified permitted transferees or subsequent to our initial business combination in connection with a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property; provided, that any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion of any shares of Class K common stock will not be subject to such restrictions on transfer (in each case except as described herein under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders—Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares”). We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. Our officers and directors are owners of our sponsor and, accordingly, will indirectly be subject to the lock-up.
Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our Class K founder shares or public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our Class B founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by approval of a majority of a majority of our Class B common stock voting in an annual meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. The shares of Class K common stock will be non-voting.
Preferred Stock
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and provide that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue
  143
Table of Contents
shares of preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering.
Private Placement Shares
The private placement shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares,” to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement shares) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). If the private placement shares are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement shares will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios.
Forward-purchase Shares
We have entered into a forward-purchase agreement pursuant to which the Khosla Entities have agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,500,000 forward-purchase shares for $10.00 per share, or an aggregate maximum amount of $25,000,000, in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. The Khosla Entities will purchase a number of forward-purchase shares that will result in gross proceeds to us necessary to enable us to consummate our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses, after first applying amounts available to us from the trust account (after paying the deferred underwriting discount and giving effect to any redemptions of public shares) and any other financing source obtained by us for such purpose at or prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, plus any additional amounts mutually agreed by us and the Khosla Entities to be retained by the post-business combination company for working capital or other purposes. The Khosla Entities’ obligation to purchase forward-purchase shares will, among other things, be conditioned on the business combination (including the target assets or business, and the terms of the business combination) being reasonably acceptable to the Khosla Entities and on a requirement that such initial business combination is approved by a unanimous vote of our board of directors. In determining whether a target is reasonably acceptable to the Khosla Entities, we expect that the Khosla Entities would consider many of the same criteria as we will consider but will also consider whether the investment is an appropriate investment for the Khosla Entities.
The forward-purchase shares would be identical to the public shares being sold in this offering, except the forward-purchase shares would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights, as described herein. The Khosla Entities would have the right to transfer their respective obligations to purchase the forward-purchase securities to third parties, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws.
The forward-purchase agreement also provides that the Khosla Entities and any forward transferees would be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to their forward-purchase shares. The Khosla Entities’ commitment to purchase forward-purchase shares pursuant to the forward-purchase agreement is intended to provide us with a minimum funding level for our initial business combination. To the extent that the amounts available from the trust account and other financing are sufficient for such cash requirements, the Khosla Entities may purchase less than 2,500,000 forward-purchase shares. The proceeds from the sale of the forward-purchase shares may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. Subject to the conditions in the forward-purchase agreement, the purchase of the forward-purchase shares will be a binding obligation of the Khosla Entities, regardless of whether any shares of Class A common stock are redeemed by our public stockholders in connection with our initial business combination.
  144
Table of Contents
Dividends
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time.
Our Transfer Agent
The transfer agent for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company in its role as transfer agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity.
Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions designed to provide certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65% of our common stock. Our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own 15% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering (excluding any private placement shares and forward-purchase shares and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that:
    •  
If we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;
    •  
Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to stockholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination;
    •  
Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so, and in the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;
    •  
Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction;
  145
Table of Contents
  •  
If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;
    •  
In accordance with Nasdaq rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;
    •  
If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, or with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and
    •  
We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.
Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
We will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a “business combination” with:
    •  
a stockholder who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an “interested stockholder”);
    •  
an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or
    •  
an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.
A “business combination” includes a merger or sale of more than 10% of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:
    •  
our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an “interested stockholder,” prior to the date of the transaction;
    •  
after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or
  146
Table of Contents
  •  
on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board of directors only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings.
Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.
Special meeting of stockholders
Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer.
Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations
Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.
Action by written consent
Subsequent to the consummation of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock.
Classified board of directors
Our board of directors will initially be divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office.
Class B Common Stock Consent Right
For so long as any shares of our Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of our Class B common stock then outstanding,
  147
Table of Contents
voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of our Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of our Class B common stock were present and voted.
Securities Eligible for Future Sale
Immediately after this offering we will have 35,900,000 shares of common stock (or 40,990,000 shares of common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) issued and outstanding, excludes an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock held by the Sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the Company does not complete an initial business combination or achieve certain market price criteria for Class A shares. Of these shares, the shares of our Class A common stock sold in this offering (30,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and 34,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A common stock purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding founder shares (on an as-converted basis, up to 12,857,142 founder shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and up to 14,785,714 founder shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) and all of the outstanding private placement shares (900,000 private placement shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and 990,000 private placement shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. These restricted securities will be subject to registration rights as more fully described below under “— Registration Rights.”
Rule 144
Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.
Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:
    •  
1% of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 359,000 shares immediately after this offering (or 409,900 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or
    •  
the average weekly reported trading volume of shares of our Class A common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
  148
Table of Contents
Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:
    •  
the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
    •  
the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and
    •  
the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
As a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement shares, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.
Registration Rights
The holders of the founder shares, private placement shares and forward-purchase shares will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement shares, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Except as described herein, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination , (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Listing of Securities
We intend to apply to have our public shares listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “KVSA.” We expect that our public shares will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our public shares will be approved for listing on Nasdaq.
  149
Table of Contents
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to the purchase, ownership and disposition of our Class A common stock issued pursuant to this offering, but does not purport to be a complete analysis of all potential tax effects. The effects of other U.S. federal tax laws, such as estate and gift tax laws, and any applicable state, local or non-U.S. tax laws are not discussed. This discussion is based on the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, judicial decisions, and published rulings and administrative pronouncements of the IRS, in each case in effect as of the date hereof. These authorities may change or be subject to differing interpretations. Any such change or differing interpretation may be applied retroactively in a manner that could adversely affect the tax consequences discussed below. We have not sought and will not seek any rulings from the IRS regarding the matters discussed below. There can be no assurance the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position to that discussed below regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our Class A common stock.
This discussion is limited to holders that hold our Class A common stock as a “capital asset” within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). This discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to our founder, sponsor, officers or directors, or holders of private placement shares. This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to a holder’s particular circumstances, including the impact of the Medicare contribution tax on net investment income or the alternative minimum tax. In addition, it does not address consequences relevant to holders subject to special rules, including, without limitation:
    •  
banks;
    •  
certain financial institutions;
    •  
regulated investment companies and real estate investment trusts;
    •  
insurance companies;
    •  
brokers, dealers or traders in securities;
    •  
traders in securities that elect to mark to market;
    •  
tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations;
    •  
U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the United States;
    •  
persons holding our Class A common stock as part of a hedge, straddle or other risk reduction strategy or as part of a conversion transaction or other integrated investment;
    •  
“controlled foreign corporations,” “passive foreign investment companies,” and corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax;
    •  
S corporations, partnerships or other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and investors therein);
    •  
persons deemed to sell our Class A common stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Code;
    •  
persons who hold or receive our Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation;
    •  
tax-qualified retirement plans; and
    •  
“qualified foreign pension funds” as defined in Section 897(l)(2) of the Code and entities all of the interests of which are held by qualified foreign pension funds.
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our Class A common stock, the tax treatment of an owner of such an entity or arrangement will depend on the status of the
  150
Table of Contents
owner, the activities of the entity or arrangement and certain determinations made at the owner level. Accordingly, entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes holding our Class A common stock and the owners in such entities or arrangements should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them.
THIS DISCUSSION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT TAX ADVICE. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AS WELL AS ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK ARISING UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL ESTATE OR GIFT TAX LAWS OR UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. TAXING JURISDICTION OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE INCOME TAX TREATY.
Personal Holding Company Status
We could be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company (“PHC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50% of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents).
Depending on the date and size of our Initial Business Combination, at least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income as discussed above. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, more than 50% of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not be a PHC following this offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20%, on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments.
U.S. Holders
For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is any beneficial owner of our Class A common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
    •  
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;
    •  
a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation) created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia;
    •  
an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or
    •  
a trust that (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and the control of one or more “United States persons” (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), or (2) has a valid election in effect to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Taxation of Distributions. The gross amount of distributions made with respect to the Class A common stock generally will be includible in a U.S. Holder’s gross income, in accordance with such U.S. Holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as dividend income, but only to the extent that such
  151
Table of Contents
distributions are paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. The dividends will be taxable to a corporate U.S. Holder at regular corporate tax rates and will generally be eligible for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding period is satisfied. Distributions in excess of such earnings and profits generally will be applied against and reduce the U.S. Holder’s basis in its Class A common stock (but not below zero), and to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such Class A common stock, as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Class A Common Stock below.
With respect to non-corporate U.S. Holders and with certain exceptions, dividends may be “qualified dividend income,” which is taxed at the lower applicable long-term capital gain rate provided that the U.S. Holder satisfies certain holding period requirements and the U.S. Holder is not under an obligation to make related payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the Class A common stock described in this prospectus may prevent a U.S. Holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements with respect to the dividends received deduction or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income, as the case may be. If the holding period requirements are not satisfied, then non-corporate U.S. Holders may be subject to tax on such dividends at regular ordinary income tax rates instead of the preferential rate that applies to qualified dividend income.
Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock. Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our Class A common stock which, in general, would include a redemption of Class A common stock that is treated as a sale as described below, and including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Class A common stock.
Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Class A common stock so disposed of exceeds one year. It is unclear, however, whether the redemption rights with respect to the Class A common stock described in this prospectus may suspend the running of the applicable holding period for this purpose. If the running of the holding period is suspended, then non-corporate U.S. Holders may not be able to satisfy the one-year holding period requirement for long-term capital gain treatment, in which case any gain on a sale or taxable disposition of the shares would be subject to short-term capital gain treatment and would be taxed at regular ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders will be eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Generally, the amount of gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder is an amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition and (ii) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Class A common stock so disposed of. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Class A common stock generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s cost for such Class A common stock less any prior distributions treated as a return of capital.
Redemption of Class A Common Stock. In the event that a U.S. Holder’s Class A common stock is redeemed pursuant to the redemption provisions described in this prospectus under the section entitled “Description of Securities — Common Stock” or if we purchase a U.S. Holder’s share of Class A common stock in an open market transaction, the treatment of the transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on whether the redemption or purchase by us qualifies as a sale of the Class A common stock under Section 302 of the Code. If the redemption or purchase by us qualifies as a sale of Class A common stock, the U.S. Holder will be treated as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock” above. Whether a redemption or purchase by us qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares of our stock treated as held by the U.S. Holder relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after the redemption or purchase by us. The redemption or purchase by us of Class A common stock generally will be treated as a sale of the Class A common stock (rather than a corporate
  152
Table of Contents
distribution) if the redemption or purchase by us (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to the U.S. Holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of the U.S. Holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to the U.S. Holder. These tests are explained more fully below.
In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. Holder takes into account not only our stock actually owned by the U.S. Holder, but also shares of our stock that are constructively owned by such U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder may constructively own, in addition to stock owned directly, stock owned by certain related individuals and entities in which the U.S. Holder has an interest or that have an interest in such U.S. Holder, as well as any stock the U.S. Holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option. In order to meet the “substantially disproportionate” test, the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder immediately following the redemption or purchase by us of Class A common stock must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder immediately before the redemption or purchase by us. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. Holder’s interest if either (i) all of the shares of our stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder are redeemed or (ii) all of the shares of our stock actually owned by the U.S. Holder are redeemed and the U.S. Holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of stock owned by certain family members and the U.S. Holder does not constructively own any other stock. The redemption or purchase by us of the Class A common stock will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend with respect to a U.S. Holder if it results in a “meaningful reduction” of the U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption or purchase by us will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority stockholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” A U.S. Holder should consult with its own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of a redemption or purchase by us.
If none of the foregoing tests is satisfied, then the redemption or purchase by us will be treated as a corporate distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis of the U.S. Holder in the redeemed Class A common stock will be added to the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its remaining stock, or, if it has none, possibly to the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in other stock constructively owned by it.
U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding. Distributions with respect to the Class A common stock to a U.S. Holder, regardless of whether such distributions constitute dividends, and proceeds from the sale, exchange or redemption of the Class A common stock by a U.S. Holder generally are subject to information reporting to the IRS and possible U.S. backup withholding, unless the U.S. Holder is an exempt recipient. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if a U.S. Holder fails to furnish a correct taxpayer identification number or a certification of exempt status or has been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup withholding (and such notification has not been withdrawn).
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Amounts withheld as backup withholding may be credited against a U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, and such holder may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for refund with the IRS and furnishing any required information.
Non-U.S. Holders
For purposes of this discussion, a “Non-U.S. Holder” is any beneficial owner of our Class A common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
    •  
a non-resident alien individual;
    •  
a foreign corporation; or
    •  
a foreign estate or trust.
  153
Table of Contents
Taxation of Distributions. In general, any distributions (including constructive distributions) we make to a Non-U.S. Holder of shares of our Class A common stock, to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles) will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Amounts not treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes will constitute a return of capital and first be applied against and reduce a Non-U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its common stock, but not below zero. Any excess will be treated as capital gain and will be treated as described below under “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock.”
Subject to the discussion below on effectively connected income, dividends paid to a Non-U.S. Holder of our Class A common stock will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30% of the gross amount of the dividends (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty, provided the Non-U.S. Holder furnishes a valid IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or other applicable documentation) certifying qualification for the lower treaty rate). A Non-U.S. Holder that does not timely furnish the required documentation, but that qualifies for a reduced treaty rate, may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the IRS. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding their entitlement to benefits under any applicable income tax treaty. In addition, if we determine that we are likely to be classified as a “United States real property holding corporation” (see “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock” below), we will withhold 15% of any distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits, including a distribution in redemption of our Class A common stock treated as a taxable sale of our Class A common stock. See also “Non-U.S. Holders — Possible Constructive Distributions” for potential U.S. federal tax consequences with respect to constructive distributions.
If dividends paid to a Non-U.S. Holder are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the Non-U.S. Holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such dividends are attributable), the Non-U.S. Holder will be exempt from the U.S. federal withholding tax described above. To claim the exemption, the Non-U.S. Holder must furnish to the applicable withholding agent a valid IRS Form W-8ECI, certifying that the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States.
Any such effectively connected dividends will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the regular graduated rates. A Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation also may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such effectively connected dividends, as adjusted for certain items. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding any applicable tax treaties that may provide for different rules.
Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock. A Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax in respect of any gain realized upon the sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of our Class A common stock (including a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination), unless:
    •  
the gain is effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the Non-U.S. Holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such gain is attributable);
    •  
the Non-U.S. Holder is a nonresident alien individual present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year of the disposition and certain other requirements are met; or
    •  
we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of disposition or the
  154
Table of Contents
  period that the Non-U.S. Holder held our Class A common stock and, in the case where shares of our Class A common stock are treated as regularly traded on an established securities market, the Non-U.S. Holder has owned, directly or constructively, more than 5% of our Class A common stock at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the disposition or such Non-U.S. Holder’s holding period for the shares of our Class A common stock. There can be no assurance that our Class A common stock will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for this purpose.
Gain described in the first bullet point above generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the regular graduated rates applicable to a U.S. Holder, unless an applicable tax treaty provides otherwise. A Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation also may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such effectively connected gain, as adjusted for certain items.
Gain described in the second bullet point above will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty), which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses of the Non-U.S. Holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided the Non-U.S. Holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses.
If the third bullet point above applies to a Non-U.S. Holder, gain recognized by such holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition of our Class A common stock will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of our Class A common stock from such holder may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 15% of the amount realized upon such disposition. We cannot determine whether we will be a U.S. real property holding corporation in the future until we complete an initial business combination. We will be classified as a U.S. real property holding corporation if the fair market value of our “U.S. real property interests” equals or exceeds 50 percent of the sum of the fair market value of our worldwide real property interests plus our other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding potentially applicable income tax treaties that may provide for different rules.
Redemption of Class A Common Stock. The characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of a Non-U.S. Holder’s share of Class A common stock pursuant to the redemption provisions described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Common Stock” generally will follow the U.S. federal income tax characterization of such a redemption of a U.S. Holder’s Class A common stock, as described under “U.S. Holders — Redemption of Class A Common Stock” above, and the consequences of the redemption to the Non-U.S. Holder will be as described above under “Non-U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions” and “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock” as applicable. It is possible that because the applicable withholding agent may not be able to determine the proper characterization of a redemption of a Non-U.S. Holder’s Class A common stock, the withholding agent might treat the redemption as a distribution subject to withholding tax.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding. Payments of dividends on our Class A common stock will not be subject to backup withholding, provided the applicable withholding agent does not have actual knowledge or reason to know the holder is a United States person and the holder either certifies its non-U.S. status, such as by furnishing a valid IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-8ECI, or otherwise establishes an exemption. However, information returns are required to be filed with the IRS in connection with any distributions on our common stock paid to the Non-U.S. Holder, regardless of whether such distributions constitute dividends or whether any tax was actually withheld. In addition, proceeds from a sale or other taxable disposition of our Class A common stock within the United States or conducted through certain U.S.-related brokers generally will not be subject to backup withholding or information reporting if the applicable withholding agent receives the certification described above and does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that such holder is a United
  155
Table of Contents
States person, or the holder otherwise establishes an exemption. Proceeds from a disposition of our Class A common stock conducted through a non-U.S. office of a non-U.S. broker generally will not be subject to backup withholding or information reporting.
Copies of information returns that are filed with the IRS may also be made available under the provisions of an applicable treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which the Non-U.S. Holder resides or is established.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
Additional Withholding Tax on Payments Made to Foreign Accounts. Withholding taxes may be imposed under Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (such Sections commonly referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or “FATCA”) on certain types of payments made to non-U.S. financial institutions and certain other non-U.S. entities. Specifically, a 30% withholding tax may be imposed on dividends on, or (subject to the proposed Treasury Regulations discussed below) gross proceeds from the sale or disposition of Class A common stock paid to a “foreign financial institution” or a “non-financial foreign entity” (each as defined in the Code), unless (1) the foreign financial institution undertakes certain diligence and reporting obligations, (2) the non-financial foreign entity either certifies it does not have any “substantial United States owners” (as defined in the Code) or furnishes identifying information regarding each substantial United States owner, or (3) the foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules. If the payee is a foreign financial institution and is subject to the diligence and reporting requirements in (1) above, it must enter into an agreement with the U.S. Department of the Treasury requiring, among other things, that it undertake to identify accounts held by certain “specified United States persons” or “United States-owned foreign entities” (each as defined in the Code), annually report certain information about such accounts, and withhold 30% on certain payments to non-compliant foreign financial institutions and certain other account holders. Foreign financial institutions located in jurisdictions that have an intergovernmental agreement with the United States governing FATCA may be subject to different rules.
Under the applicable Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance, withholding under FATCA generally applies to payments of dividends on our common stock. While withholding under FATCA would have applied also to payments of gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of our Class A common stock on or after January 1, 2019, recently proposed Treasury Regulations eliminate FATCA withholding on payments of gross proceeds entirely. Taxpayers generally may rely on these proposed Treasury Regulations until final Treasury Regulations are issued.
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application of withholding under FATCA to their investment in our Class A Common Stock.
THE DISCUSSION ABOVE IS A GENERAL SUMMARY. IT DOES NOT COVER ALL TAX MATTERS THAT MAY BE IMPORTANT TO YOU. EACH PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER SHOULD CONSULT ITS TAX ADVISOR ABOUT THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK BASED ON THE INVESTOR’S CIRCUMSTANCES.
  156
Table of Contents
UNDERWRITING
Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement dated the date of this prospectus, the underwriters named below, through their representative, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, have severally agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to those underwriters, the following respective number of public shares at a public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions set forth on the cover page of this prospectus:
  Underwriters    Number of Shares  
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
   Piper Sandler & Co.
   Total
     30,000,000  
         The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the public shares included in this offering are subject to approval of legal matters by counsel and to other conditions. The underwriters are obligated to purchase all of the public shares (other than those covered by the over-allotment option described below) if they purchase any of the public shares.
Public shares sold by the underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the initial public offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. If all of the public shares are not sold at the initial offering price, the underwriters may change the offering price and the other selling terms. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC has advised us that the underwriters do not intend to make sales to discretionary accounts. The offering of the public shares by the underwriters is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject to the underwriters’ right to reject any order in whole or in part.
If the underwriters sell more public shares than the total number set forth in the table above, we have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional public shares at the public offering price less the underwriting discount. The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments, if any, in connection with this offering. To the extent the option is exercised, each underwriter must purchase a number of additional public shares approximately proportionate to that underwriter’s initial purchase commitment. Any public shares issued or sold under the option will be issued and sold on the same terms and conditions as the other public shares that are the subject of this offering.
We, our sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed that, for a period of 180 days from the date of this prospectus, we and they will not, without the prior written consent of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any common stock or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, common stock; provided, however, that we may (1) issue and sell the private placement shares, (2) issue and sell the additional public shares to cover our underwriters’ over-allotment option (if any), (3) register with the SEC pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, the resale of the founder shares, the private placement shares and forward-purchase shares; and (4) issue securities in connection with our initial business combination. However, the foregoing shall not apply to the forfeiture of any founder shares pursuant to their terms or any transfer of founder shares to any current or future independent director of the Company (as long as such current or future independent director is subject to the terms of the letter agreement, filed herewith, at the time of such transfer; and as long as, to the extent any Section 16 reporting obligation is triggered as a result of such transfer, any related Section 16 filing includes a practical explanation as to the nature of the transfer). Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC in its sole discretion may release any of the securities subject to these lock-up agreements at any time without notice.
Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination
  157
Table of Contents
and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under “ Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares”). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares.
The private placement shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares”).
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our securities. Consequently, the initial public offering price for the public shares was determined by negotiations between us and the representative.
The determination of our per shares offering price was more arbitrary than would typically be the case if we were an operating company. Among the factors considered in determining the initial public offering price were the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies, prior offerings of those companies, our management, our capital structure, and currently prevailing general conditions in equity securities markets, including current market valuations of publicly traded companies considered comparable to our company. We cannot assure you, however, that the price at which the public shares will sell in the public market after this offering will not be lower than the initial public offering price or that an active trading market in our public shares will develop and continue after this offering.
We intend to apply to have our public shares listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol “KVSA” commencing on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on                 .
The following table shows the underwriting discounts and commissions that we are to pay to the underwriters in connection with this offering. These amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
       Paid By Khosla Ventures SPAC
Sponsor LLC  
     No Exercise      Full Exercise  
Per Share(1)
   $ 0.55      $ 0.55  
Total(1)
   $ 16,500,000      $ 18,975,000  
  (1)
Includes $0.35 per share, or $10,500,000 in the aggregate (or $12,075,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein and released to the underwriters only upon the consummation of an initial business combination.
In addition, we have agreed to pay the FINRA-related fees and expenses of the underwriter’s legal counsel, not to exceed $                .
If we do not complete our initial business combination within the time period required by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the underwriters have agreed that (i) they will forfeit any rights or claims to their deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, including any accrued interest thereon, then in the trust account, and (ii) that the deferred underwriters’ discounts and commissions will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
  158
Table of Contents
In connection with the offering, the underwriters may purchase and sell public shares in the open market. Purchases and sales in the open market may include short sales, purchases to cover short positions, which may include purchases pursuant to the over-allotment option, and stabilizing purchases.
    •  
Short sales involve secondary market sales by the underwriters of a greater number of public shares than they are required to purchase in the offering.
    •  
“Covered” short sales are sales of public shares in an amount up to the number of public shares represented by the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
    •  
“Naked” short sales are sales of public shares in an amount in excess of the number of public shares represented by the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
    •  
Covering transactions involve purchases of public shares either pursuant to the over-allotment option or in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions.
    •  
To close a naked short position, the underwriters must purchase public shares in the open market after the distribution has been completed. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the public shares in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in the offering.
    •  
To close a covered short position, the underwriters must purchase public shares in the open market after the distribution has been completed or must exercise the over-allotment option. In determining the source of public shares to close the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of public shares available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase public shares through the over-allotment option.
    •  
Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase public shares so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum.
Purchases to cover short positions and stabilizing purchases, as well as other purchases by the underwriters for their own accounts, may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the public shares. They may also cause the price of the public shares to be higher than the price that would otherwise exist in the open market in the absence of these transactions. The underwriters may conduct these transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. If the underwriters commence any of these transactions, they may discontinue them at any time.
We estimate that the total expenses of this offering payable by us will be $2,000,000, excluding underwriting discounts and commissions.
We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make because of any of those liabilities.
We are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, but we may do so at our discretion. However, any of the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses, provide financial advisory services to us in connection with a business combination or assist us in raising additional capital in the future, including by acting as a placement agent in a private offering or underwriting or arranging debt financing. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering. We may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated, a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination. Any
  159
Table of Contents
fees we may pay the underwriters or their affiliates for services rendered to us after this offering may be contingent on the completion of a business combination and may include non-cash compensation. The underwriters or their affiliates that provide these services to us may have a potential conflict of interest given that the underwriters are entitled to the deferred portion of their underwriting compensation for this offering only if an initial business combination is completed within the specified timeframe.
We are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, any of the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering. We may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination.
Some of the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with us or our affiliates, including in connection with acting in an advisory capacity or as a potential financing source in conjunction with our potential acquisition of a company. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a “Member State”), no shares have been offered or will be offered pursuant to this offering to the public in that Member State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the shares which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that offers of shares may be made to the public in that Member State at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
    (a)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation;
    (b)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriters for any such offer; or
    (c)
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of shares shall require the Issuer or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any shares in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any shares to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any shares, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
  160
Table of Contents
Notice to Investors in the United Kingdom
In relation to the United Kingdom, no shares have been offered or will be offered pursuant to this offering to the public in the United Kingdom prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the shares that either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, except that offers of shares may be made to the public in the United Kingdom at any time under the following exemptions under the UK Prospectus Regulation:
    (a)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation;
  (b)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Representative for any such offer; or
  (c)
in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”),
provided that no such offer of shares shall require the issuer or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any shares in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any shares to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any shares, and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.
Each underwriter has represented and agreed that:
First, it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any shares in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the issuer; and
    (d)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any shares in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Notice to Canadian Residents
The public shares may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions, and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the public shares must be made in accordance with an exemption form, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
  161
Table of Contents
Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong
The public shares may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance”) or which do not constitute an invitation to the public within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“Securities and Futures Ordinance”), or (ii) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the public shares may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to public shares which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” in Hong Kong as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore
This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the public shares may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the public shares be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”)) under Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to conditions set forth in the SFA.
Where the public shares are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor, the securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation shall not be transferable for 6 months after that corporation has acquired the securities under Section 275 of the SFA except: (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA), (2) where such transfer arises from an offer in that corporation’s securities pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, (3) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer, (4) where the transfer is by operation of law, (5) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, or (6) as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and Debentures) Regulations 2005 of Singapore (“Regulation 32”).
Where the public shares are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an accredited investor, the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferable for 6 months after that trust has acquired the securities under Section 275 of the SFA except: (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA), (2) where such transfer arises from an offer that is made on terms that such rights or interest are acquired at a consideration of not less than $200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for each transaction (whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets), (3) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer, (4) where the transfer is by operation of law, (5) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, or (6) as specified in Regulation 32.
  162
Table of Contents
Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan
The securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended), or the FIEA. The securities may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of any resident of Japan (including any person resident in Japan or any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the FIEA and otherwise in compliance with any relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
  163
Table of Contents
LEGAL MATTERS
Latham & Watkins LLP, Houston, Texas, is acting as counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act, and as such, will pass upon the validity of the securities offered in this prospectus. In connection with this offering, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, Palo Alto, California, is acting as counsel to the underwriters.
EXPERTS
The financial statements of Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. as of January 19, 2021 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through January 19, 2021 included in this prospectus have been audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report, thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such report given upon such firm as experts in auditing and accounting.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.
Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Upon completion of this offering, our corporate website address will be                . Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this prospectus. Upon request, we will provide electronic copies of our public filings free of charge.
  164
Table of Contents
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Page  
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
     F-2  
Balance Sheet as of January 19, 2021
     F-3  
Statement of Operations for the period from January  15 (inception) through January 19, 2021
     F-4  
Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity for the period from January 15 (inception) through January 19, 2021
     F-5  
Statement of Cash Flows for the period from January  15 (inception) through January 19, 2021
     F-6  
Notes to Financial Statements
     F-7  
  F-1
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholder and Board of Directors of
Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. (the “Company”) as of January 19, 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through January 19, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 19, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through January 19, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Explanatory Paragraph – Going Concern
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company’s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon its completion of the proposed initial public offering described in Note 3 to the financial statements. The Company has a working capital deficit as of January 19, 2021 and lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ Marcum LLP
Marcum LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2021.
Houston, TX
January 27, 2021
  F-2
Table of Contents
KHOSLA VENTURES ACQUISITION CO.
BALANCE SHEET
JANUARY 19, 2021
  ASSETS:
   Cash
   $ 25,000  
Deferred offering costs associated with proposed public offering
     175,000  
         Total Assets
   $ 200,000  
         LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY:
   Current liabilities:
   Accrued expenses
   $ 200,000  
         Total current liabilities
     200,000  
         Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5)
   Stockholder’s Equity:
   Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
     —    
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
     —    
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value; 30,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding
     500  
Class K common stock, $0.0001 par value; 30,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding; nonvoting(1)
     500  
Additional paid-in capital
     24,000  
Accumulated deficit
     (25,000 ) 
         Total stockholder’s equity
     —    
         Total Liabilities and Stockholder’s Equity
   $ 200,000  
           (1)
Includes an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock held by the Sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the Company does not complete an initial business combination or achieve certain market price criteria for Class A shares.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
  F-3
Table of Contents
KHOSLA VENTURES ACQUISITION CO.
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
For the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through January 19, 2021
  Formation costs
   $ 25,000  
         Net loss
   $ (25,000 ) 
         Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted(1)
     5,000,000  
         Basic and diluted net loss per share
   $ (0.01 ) 
           (1)
Excludes an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock held by the Sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the Company does not complete an initial business combination or achieve certain market price criteria for Class A shares.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
  F-4
Table of Contents
KHOSLA VENTURES ACQUISITION CO.
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
For the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through January 19, 2021
      Common Stock    
Additional
Paid-In
    Accumulated
    Total
Stockholder’s
      Class A     Class B     Class K  
    Shares     Amount     Shares     Amount     Shares     Amount     Capital     Deficit     Equity  
Balance — January 15, 2021 (inception)
    —       $ —         —       $ —         $ —       $ —       $ —       $ —    
Issuance of founder shares to Sponsor(1)
    —         —         5,000,000       500       5,000,000       500       24,000       —         25,000  
Net loss
    —         —         —         —             —         (25,000 )      (25,000 ) 
                                                                        Balance — January 19, 2021
    —       $ —         5,000,000     $ 500       5,000,000       500     $ 24,000     $ (25,000 )    $ —    
                                                                          (1)
Includes an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock held by the Sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the Company does not complete an initial business combination or achieve certain market price criteria for Class A shares.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
  F-5
Table of Contents
KHOSLA VENTURES ACQUISITION CO.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through January 19, 2021
  Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
   Net loss
   $ (25,000 ) 
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
   Accrued expenses
     25,000  
         Net cash used in operating activities
     —    
         Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
   Proceeds from issuance of founder shares to Sponsor
     25,000  
         Net cash provided by financing activities
     25,000  
         Net increase in cash
     25,000  
Cash — beginning of the period
     —    
         Cash — end of the period
   $ 25,000  
         Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities:
   Deferred offering costs included in accrued expenses
   $ 175,000  
         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
  F-6
Table of Contents
KHOSLA VENTURES ACQUISITION CO.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1 — Description of Organization, Business Operations, Going Concern and Basis of Presentation
Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. (the “Company”) is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on January 15, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies.
As of January 19, 2021, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through January 19, 2021 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Proposed Public Offering (as defined below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.
The Company’s sponsor is Khosla Ventures SPAC Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”). The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed public offering (the “Proposed Public Offering”) of 30,000,000 shares of Class A common stock of the Company (each, a “Share” and collectively, the “Shares”) at $10.00 per Share (or 34,500,000 Shares if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full), which is discussed in Note 3, and the sale of 900,000 shares of the Company (or 990,000 shares if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full) (each, a “Private Placement Share” and collectively, the “Private Placement Shares”), at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Share in a private placement to the Sponsor that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Public Offering.
The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Shares, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in Trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company only intends to complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least $10.00 per Share sold in the Proposed Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the private placement shares and the sale of forward purchase shares, will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.
The Company will provide the holders (the “Public Stockholders”) of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, sold in the Proposed Public Offering (the “Public Shares”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
  F-7
Table of Contents
of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” If the Company seeks stockholder approval, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will not redeem the Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination.
The Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The holders of the Founder Shares (the “initial stockholders”) have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholder’s rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment.
If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering (the “Combination Period”) and the Company’s stockholders have not amended the Certificate of Incorporation to extend such Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
  F-8
Table of Contents
The initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Proposed Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only $10.00. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a “Target”), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.00 per Public Share or (ii) the lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
Going Concern Consideration
As of January 19, 2021, the Company had $25,000 in cash and a working capital deficiency of $175,000. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through the Proposed Public Offering. The Company cannot assure that its plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful. In addition, management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and its effect on the Company’s financial position, results its operations and/or search for a target company. See further discussion of the Company’s assessment of the COVID-19 pandemic below.
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months following the issuance of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from its inability to consummate the Proposed Public Offering or its inability to continue as a going concern.
COVID-19
On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization (“WHO”) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (the “COVID-19 outbreak”). In March 2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic, based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve. Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  F-9
Table of Contents
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Emerging Growth Company
The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage limit of $250,000. At January 19, 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.
Financial Instruments
The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
  F-10
Table of Contents
Deferred Offering Costs Associated with the Proposed Public Offering
Deferred offering costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Public Offering and that will be charged to stockholder’s equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering. Should the Proposed Public Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to be incurred, will be charged to operations.
Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock
The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. At January 19, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented.
Income Taxes
The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Deferred tax assets were deemed immaterial as of January 19, 2021.
FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January 19, 2021. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of January 19, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The Company’s management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.
Note 3 — Proposed Public Offering
Pursuant to the Proposed Public Offering, the Company intends to offer for sale 30,000,000 Shares at a price of $10.00 per Share.
The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Proposed Public Offering to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional Shares to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Proposed Public Offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.
  F-11
Table of Contents
Note 4 — Related Party Transactions
Founder Shares
In January 2021, the sponsor acquired 10,000,000 founder shares (the “Founder Shares”) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, consisting of 5,000,000 Class B founder shares and 5,000,000 Class K founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued.
Class B founder shares
The Class B founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination, at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Class B founder shares will equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 15% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares plus (iii) unless waived, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, (y) any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class K founder shares and (z) any private placement shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of shares of our Class B common stock will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors.
Class K founder shares
The Class K founder shares will convert into shares of Class A common stock after our initial business combination only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of our initial business combination, including three equal triggering events based on our stock trading at $30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 per share following the first anniversary of the closing of our initial business combination and also upon specified strategic transactions, in each case, as described in this prospectus. The Class K founder shares will be convertible into shares of Class A common stock at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares (including both Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares) will equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 30% of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including any over-allotment shares if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option), plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B founder shares and Class K founder shares plus (iii) unless waived, the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (x) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (y) any private placement shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of shares of our Class B common stock will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors. The Company performed an assessment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 480 — Distinguishing Liabilities from Equities and ASC 815 — Derivatives and Hedging to conclude whether the embedded features of Class K common stock constitute a liability and a derivative such that it will be fair valued separately from the Company’s common stock. The Company concludes that Class K common stock should be equity-classified and its embedded features should not be bifurcated.
  F-12
Table of Contents
Forward-Purchase Shares
Our sponsor has agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,500,000 share of Class A common stock (the” forward-purchase shares”) for $10.00 per share, or an aggregate maximum amount of $25,000,000, in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. The forward purchase shares will be identical to the public share being sold in this offering, except the forward-purchase shares will be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights, as described herein.
Private Placement Shares
The Sponsor will agree to purchase an aggregate of 900,000 Private Placement Shares (or 990,000 Private Placement Shares if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Shares, or approximately $9.0 million in the aggregate (or $9.9 million if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Shares will be worthless. The Private Placement Shares will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.
The purchasers of the Private Placement Shares will agree, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Shares (except to permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.
Note 5 — Commitments & Contingencies
Registration Rights
The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and Forward-Purchase Shares, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and “piggyback” registration rights. However, the registration rights agreement will provide that we will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Underwriting Agreement
The underwriters will be entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per Share, or $6.0 million in the aggregate (or $6.9 million in the aggregate if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. An additional fee of $0.35 per Share, or $10.5 million in the aggregate (or approximately $12.1 million in the aggregate if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.
  F-13
Table of Contents
Note 6 — Stockholder’s Equity
Class A Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of January 19, 2021, there were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding.
Class B Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 30,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. On January 19, 2021, 5,000,000 shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding.
Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company’s shareholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class B common stock shall have the right to vote on the election of the Company’s directors prior to the initial Business Combination.
Class K Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 30,000,000 shares of Class K common stock with a $0.0001 par value. As of January 19, 2021, there were 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock issued and outstanding. The shares of Class K common stock are non-voting and will convert into shares of Class A common stock following the initial Business Combination to the extent certain triggering vesting events occur prior to the 10th anniversary of the initial Business Combination. Any shares of Class K common stock that remain outstanding upon the 10th anniversary of the initial Business Combination will be automatically forfeited.
Preferred Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of January 19, 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.
Note 7 — Subsequent Events
The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to February 12, 2021, the date that the financial statements were available to be issued. Based on this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.
  F-14
Table of Contents
    30,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock
Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co.
    PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
                        , 2021
Book-Running Managers
  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC   Piper Sandler
Until                 , 2021 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade shares of our Class A common stock, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
      Table of Contents
PART II
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discounts and commissions) will be as follows:
  Legal fees and expenses
   $ 400,000  
Accounting fees and expenses
     30,000  
SEC filing fees and expenses
     37,640  
FINRA filing fees and expenses
     52,250  
Nasdaq listing and filing fees
     75,000  
Directors and officers insurance(1)
     1,000,000  
Printing and engraving expenses
     50,000  
Miscellaneous expenses(2)
     355,110  
         Total offering expenses
   $ 2,000,000  
           (1)
This amount represents the approximate amount of annual director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following the completion of its initial public offering and until it completes a business combination.
(2)
This amount represents additional expenses that may be incurred by us in connection with the offering over and above those specifically listed above, including distribution and mailing costs.
Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that all of our directors, officers, employees and agents shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”).
Section 145 of the DGCL concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below.
Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance.
    (a)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful.
  II-1
Table of Contents
  (b)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
    (c)
To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith.
    (d)
Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer of the corporation at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders.
    (e)
Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director of the corporation in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former officers and directors or other employees and agents of the corporation or by persons serving at the request of the corporation as directors, officers, employees or agents of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate.
    (f)
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred.
  II-2
Table of Contents
  (g)
A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section.
    (h)
For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
    (i)
For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section.
    (j)
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
    (k)
The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
In accordance with Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, will provide that no director shall be personally liable to us or any of our stockholders for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the DGCL unless they violated their duty of loyalty to the company or its stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from their
  II-3
Table of Contents
actions as directors. The effect of this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is to eliminate our rights and those of our stockholders (through stockholders’ derivative suits on our behalf) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director, including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except, as restricted by Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL. However, this provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights of any stockholder to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director’s duty of care.
If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the liability of directors, then, in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation limiting or eliminating the liability of directors, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors on a retroactive basis.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that we will, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, indemnify our current and former officers and directors, as well as those persons who, while directors or officers of our corporation, are or were serving as directors, officers, employees or agents of another entity, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in connection with any threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by any such person in connection with any such proceeding.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person eligible for indemnification pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will be indemnified by us in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such proceeding was authorized by our board of directors, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification.
The right to indemnification conferred by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is a contract right that includes the right to be paid by us the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding referenced above in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by our officer or director (solely in the capacity as an officer or director of our corporation) will be made only upon delivery to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such officer or director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or otherwise.
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which any person covered by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may have or hereafter acquire under law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also permit us, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other that those specifically covered by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
  II-4
Table of Contents
Our bylaws include the provisions relating to advancement of expenses and indemnification rights consistent with those set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In addition, our bylaws provide for a right of indemnity to bring a suit in the event a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses is not paid in full by us within a specified period of time. Our bylaws also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect us and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of our corporation or another entity, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.
Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our bylaws affecting indemnification rights, whether by our board of directors, stockholders or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision.
We will enter into indemnity agreements with each of our officers and directors, a form of which is to be filed as an exhibit to this Registration Statement. These agreements will require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.
Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement to be filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we will agree to indemnify the underwriters and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act.
Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
In January 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.0025 per share, in exchange for the issuance of 5,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001, and 5,000,000 shares of Class K common stock, par value $0.0001. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. Each of the equity holders in our sponsor are accredited investors under Rule 501 of Regulation D. The sole business of our sponsor is to act as the company’s sponsor in connection with this offering.
Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 900,000 private placement shares (or 990,000 private placement shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per share (approximately $9,000,000 in the aggregate or $9,900,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
    (a)
Exhibits.
  II-5
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT INDEX
  Exhibit
No.    Description
  1.1*    Form of Underwriting Agreement.
  3.1    First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
  3.2*    Form of Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
  3.3    Bylaws
  4.1*    Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate.
  5.1*    Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP.
10.1*    Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.
10.2*    Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain securityholders.
10.3*    Form of Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor.
10.4*    Form of Indemnity Agreement.
10.5    Promissory Note, dated as of January 19, 2021, issued to the Sponsor.
10.6    Securities Subscription Agreement, dated January 22, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor.
10.7*    Form of Letter Agreement between the Registrant, the Sponsor and each director and officer of the Registrant.
10.8*    Form of Forward-purchase Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor.
23.1    Consent of Marcum LLP
23.2*    Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
24    Power of Attorney (included on the signature page herein).
99.1    Consents of Director Nominees
  *
To be filed by amendment
Item 17. Undertakings.
    (a)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
    (b)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
  II-6
Table of Contents
  (c)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
    (1)
For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b) (1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
    (2)
For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
    (3)
For the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.
    (4)
For the purpose of determining liability of a registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of an undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:
    (i)
Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;
    (ii)
Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by an undersigned registrant;
    (iii)
The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and
    (iv)
Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.
  II-7
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Menlo Park, State of California, on the 12th day of February, 2021.
  KHOSLA VENTURES ACQUISITION CO.
  By:  
/s/ Samir Kaul
Name:  
Title:   Samir Kaul, Chief Executive Officer and President
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Samir Kaul and John Demeter as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any registration statements filed pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or his substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
  Name    Position   Date
     /s/ Samir Kaul
Samir Kaul
   Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer)   February 12, 2021
/s/ Peter Buckland
Peter Buckland
   Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   February 12, 2021
  II-8