S-1/A 1 tm212146d3_s1a.htm FORM S-1/A
  As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2021
  Registration No. 333-252044
      UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
  FORM S-1/A
(Amendment No. 1)
  REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
  ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
  Delaware   6770   83-3584928
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
  (Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)
  (I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
  888 San Clemente Drive, Suite 400
Newport Beach, CA 92660
(949) 720-5700
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
  Gordon Roth
Chief Financial Officer
888 San Clemente Drive, Suite 400
Newport Beach, CA 92660
(949) 720-5700
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
  Copies to:
  Mitchell S. Nussbaum   David Alan Miller
Giovanni Caruso   Jeffrey Gallant
Loeb & Loeb LLP   Graubard Miller
345 Park Avenue   405 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10154   New York, New York 10174
(212) 407-4000   (212) 818-8800
(212) 407-4990 — Facsimile   (212) 818-8881 — Facsimile
  Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the closing of this offering.
  If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ¨
  If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨
  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨
  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
  Large accelerated filer   ¨ Accelerated filer    ¨
Non-accelerated filer    x Smaller reporting company    x
  Emerging growth company    x
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ¨
  CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
  Title of Each Class of Security being registered   Amount
Being
Registered     Proposed
Maximum
Offering
Price per
Security (1)     Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering Price
(1)(2)     Amount of
Registration
Fee  
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one quarter of one redeemable warrant(2)     17,250,000     $ 10.00     $ 172,500,000     $ 18,819.75  
Shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, included as part of the units     17,250,000       —       —       — (3)
Warrants included as part of the units     4,312,500       —       —       — (3)
Shares underlying warrants     4,312,500       11.50       49,593,750       5,410.68  
Total                   $ 222,093,750 (4)   $ 24,230.43 (5)
  (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
(2) Includes (A) the aggregate of 15,000,000 units to be issued to public stockholders in the public offering, and 2,250,000 units which may be issued upon exercise of a 45-day option granted to the underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any; and (B) shares of common stock and warrants underlying such units.
(3) No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g).
(4) An additional indeterminate amount of securities are being registered hereby to be offered solely for certain market making transactions, by affiliates of the Registrant. Pursuant to Rule 457(q) under the Securities Act, no additional filing fee is required.
(5) $19,760.74 previously paid.
  The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
            EXPLANATORY NOTE
  This Registration Statement contains a prospectus relating to the initial public offering of units of Roth CH Acquisition III Co. for $10.00 per unit, consisting of one share of common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant. This Registration Statement also contains a prospectus relating to the offer and sales of units of Roth CH Acquisition III Co. in connection with certain market making transactions that may be effected by Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC in the secondary market for 30 days following the date of this prospectus. The complete prospectus relating to the initial public offering of our units (the “IPO Prospectus”) follows immediately after this Explanatory Note. Following the IPO Prospectus are certain pages of the prospectus relating solely to such market making transactions (together with the remainder of the prospectus as modified as indicated below, the “Market Making Prospectus”), including an alternate front cover page, an alternate table of contents and alternate sections entitled “Summary — The Offering,” “Use of Proceeds” and “Plan of Distribution.” Each of such alternate pages has been marked “Alternate Page for Market Making Prospectus.” The Market Making Prospectus will not include the information in the sections of the IPO Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors — Our initial stockholders paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.01 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our shares of common stock.,” “Risk Factors — The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry.,” “Dilution,” “Capitalization,” and “Underwriting (Conflict of Interest).” All other sections of the IPO Prospectus are to be used in the Market Making Prospectus.
        The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
  PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED FEBRUARY 10, 2021
  $150,000,000
ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
15,000,000 UNITS
  Roth CH Acquisition III Co., which we refer to as “we,” “us” or “our company,” is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our “initial business combination.” Although we are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating an initial business combination, we intend to focus on businesses that have their primary operations in the business services, consumer, healthcare, technology, wellness or sustainability sectors.
  This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit that we are offering has a price of $10.00 and consists of one share of common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant, as described in more detail in this prospectus. Every four units entitles the holder thereof to receive one warrant upon separation, subject to adjustment as provided herein. We will not issue fractional warrants upon the separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Each whole warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination, and will expire five years after the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
  We have granted Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, the lead book-running managing underwriters, a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 units (over and above the 15,000,000 units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments, if any.
  We will provide the holders of our outstanding shares of common stock that were sold as part of the units in this offering which we refer to as our “public shares” with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account described below, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
  We have 24 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the above time period, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account net of taxes payable, pro rata to our public stockholders, by way of the redemption of their shares and thereafter cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. In such event, the warrants will expire and be worthless.
  Our stockholders prior to this offering have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 478,000 (or 523,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) units, or “private units,” at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering.
  In February 2019, CR Financial Holdings, Inc., an entity affiliated with Roth Capital Partners, LLC, purchased an aggregate of 100 shares from us for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. On May 26, 2020, we effected a dividend of 28,750 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares outstanding. On May 29, 2020, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and certain of our directors, officers and affiliates of our management team purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. an aggregate of 2,059,019 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $17,904.51. On January 19, 2021 and February 3, 2021, certain affiliates of our management team purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC an aggregate of 239,583 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $2,083.33. On February 9, 2021, we effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding. That same date, certain of our initial stockholders sold an aggregate of 417,080 shares back to us, which shares were cancelled, and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and certain of our directors and affiliates of our management team purchased from us an aggregate of 417,080 shares, in each case, for an aggregate purchase price of $2,417.86. Also on February 9, 2021, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. 39,931 shares for a purchase price of $231.48. As of the date hereof, there are an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding, which shares we refer to herein as “founder shares” or “insider shares,” which includes an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part.
  There is presently no public market for our units, common stock or warrants. We intend to apply to have our units listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “ROCRU” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading as described in this prospectus, the shares of common stock and warrants will be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols “ROCR,” and “ROCRW,” respectively. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq after this offering.
        We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 and will therefore be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements.
  Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20 of this prospectus for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities.
  Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
      Price to
Public     Underwriting
Discounts and
Commissions (1)     Proceeds,
Before
Expenses,
to us  
Per unit   $ 10.00     $ 0.20 (2)(3)   $ 9.80  
Total   $ 150,000,000     $ 3,000,000     $ 147,000,000  
  (1) For further information relating to the underwriters’ compensation, please refer to the section entitled “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)” on page 83 of this prospectus.
  (2) Represents up to $3,000,000, or $0.20 per unit, equal to 2.0% of the gross proceeds of this offering (or $3,450,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) payable to the underwriters as underwriting discounts and commissions.
  (3) We will also pay $100,000 to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., our “qualified independent underwriter.” We have also agreed to reimburse the underwriters for all expenses and fees related to the review by FINRA, including legal fees which will not exceed $15,000. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)” beginning on page 83 for a description of compensation and other items of value payable to the underwriters.
  Upon consummation of the offering, $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering (whether or not the over-allotment option has been exercised in full or part) will be deposited into a United States-based trust account at Morgan Stanley with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. Except as described in this prospectus, these funds will not be released to us until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination and our redemption of the public shares upon our failure to consummate a business combination within the required period.
  The underwriters are offering the units on a firm commitment basis. Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, acting as joint representatives of the underwriters, expect to deliver the units to purchasers on or about [    ], 2021.
  Joint Book-Running Managers
  Roth Capital Partners Craig-Hallum Capital Group
  The date of this prospectus is        , 2021
        ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
  TABLE OF CONTENTS
    Page
SUMMARY 1
    SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA 19
    RISK FACTORS 20
    CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 39
    USE OF PROCEEDS 40
    DIVIDEND POLICY 42
    DILUTION 42
    CAPITALIZATION 43
    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 44
    PROPOSED BUSINESS 47
    MANAGEMENT 65
    PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS 73
    CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 75
    DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 78
    SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 82
    UNDERWRITING (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST) 83
    LEGAL MATTERS 86
    EXPERTS 86
    WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 86
    INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1
  i 
    SUMMARY
  This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing. Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus:
    · “we,” “us” or “our company” refers to Roth CH Acquisition III Co.;
    · “initial stockholders” refers to all of our stockholders immediately prior to the date of this prospectus, including our officers and directors to the extent they hold such shares;
    · “founder shares” or “insider shares” refers to the 4,312,500 shares of common stock (including up to an aggregate of 562,500 shares of common stock subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part) held by our initial stockholders, officers, directors and affiliates of our management team;
    · “private units” refers to the units we are selling privately to our initial stockholders upon consummation of this offering;
    · the term “public stockholders” means the holders of shares of common stock which are being sold as part of the units in this public offering, or “public shares,” whether they are purchased in the public offering or in the aftermarket, including any of our initial stockholders to the extent that they purchase such public shares (except that our initial stockholders will not have conversion or tender rights with respect to any public shares they own);
    · “Roth” refers to Roth Capital Partners, LLC;
    · “Craig-Hallum” refers to Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC; and
    · the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option (unless otherwise indicated).
  Certain financial information contained in this prospectus has been rounded and, as a result, certain totals shown in this prospectus may not equal the arithmetic sum of the figures that should otherwise aggregate to those totals.
  Share and per share amounts reflect a dividend of 28,750 shares for each share of our common stock outstanding that took place on May 26, 2020,and a dividend of .50 shares for each share outstanding on February 9, 2021.
  You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted.
  General
  We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 13, 2019. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination, with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as a target business. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus our search on target businesses operating in the business services, consumer, healthcare, technology, wellness or sustainability sectors. From the date of our incorporation through the date of this prospectus, there have been no communications, evaluations or discussions between any of our officers or directors and any target business regarding a potential initial business combination with our company. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate.
  1
    We anticipate structuring our initial business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interest or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination to acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business, but we will only consummate such business combination if we will become the majority stockholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the “Investment Company Act” or, to the extent permitted by law, we may acquire interests in a variable interest entity, in which we may have less than a majority of the voting rights in such entity, but in which we are the primary beneficiary. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet this criterion. Even though we will own a majority interest in the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
  As more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that which might be appropriate for any entity to which he or she has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. For example, Byron Roth, Gordon Roth and Aaron Gurewitz are affiliated with Roth, and Rick Hartfiel and John Lipman are affiliated with Craig-Hallum, our lead book-running managing underwriters. Such officers and directors owe a pre-existing fiduciary duty to Roth or Craig-Hallum, as applicable, meaning that they will present opportunities to Roth or Craig-Hallum, or their respective clients, prior to presenting them to us, if, for example, a potential target company is open to either raising funds in an offering or engaging in a transaction with a SPAC. In addition, each of Byron Roth, Gordon Roth, Aaron Gurewitz, John Lipman, Rick Hartfiel, Molly Hemmeter, Daniel M. Friedberg, and Adam Rothstein are officers and directors of each of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co., both of which are special purpose acquisition companies. Roth CH Acquisition I Co. has entered into an agreement and plan of merger with PureCycle Technologies LLC pursuant to which Roth CH Acquisition I Co. will acquire PureCycle Technologies LLC. If the business combination between Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and PureCycle is not consummated for any reason, Roth CH Acquisition I Co. will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by it. Roth CH Acquisition II Co. has not yet entered into a definitive agreement for an initial business combination, and is still searching for target businesses with which to consummate such a transaction. Accordingly, Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by it. Furthermore, James Gold is a Specialist Advisor of Aequi Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, which will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by Mr. Gold. These affiliations may limit the number of potential targets they present to us for purposes of completing a business combination.
  We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act) and will remain such for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period or our total revenues exceed $1.07 billion or the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
  Competitive Strengths
  Our management team is led by Byron Roth and partners of both Roth and Craig-Hallum who have over 100 years of combined operational, deal-making and investment experience. Our mission is to unlock value for our stockholders by identifying an acquisition target in the business services, consumer, healthcare, technology, wellness or sustainability sectors. Given the experience of our management team in these sectors, we believe we have significant resources to identify, diligence, and structure transactions that could be favorable for all stockholders.
  We believe our management team’s backgrounds, and Roth and Craig-Hallum’s unique sourcing infrastructure, provide us with the ability to identify transactions and target businesses that can thrive as publicly-traded companies. Additionally, over the course of their careers, the members of our management team and our affiliates have developed extensive networks of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will provide us with an important source of initial business combination opportunities. These networks have provided our management team and our affiliates with deal flow that has resulted in numerous transactions. We anticipate that target business candidates will also be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including family offices, investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banks, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises.
  2
    Management Team
  Our management team, through its members’ shared experience at Roth and Craig-Hallum, has a history of identifying targets and making strategic investments, acquisitions and raising capital. Roth and Craig-Hallum are small-cap growth investment banks with deep expertise and relationships in the business services, consumer, healthcare, technology, wellness and sustainability sectors. Since inception in 1992, Roth has raised over $50 billion in equity and debt offerings for small cap growth companies; Craig-Hallum has raised over $25 billion for small cap growth companies since its inception in 1997. Together, Roth and Craig-Hallum have approximately 40 senior research analysts covering approximately 550 companies, and over 40 sales people servicing approximately 1,000 institutional investors. Combined, the two firms have been underwriters on approximately 60 IPOs since the JOBS Act and completed over 400 M&A and advisory assignments. Roth and Craig-Hallum sponsor over 15,000 meetings with institutional clients annually.
  Byron Roth, our Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Roth Capital Partners, LLC, a privately-owned investment banking firm dedicated to the small-cap public market and headquartered in Newport Beach, California. In addition, Mr. Roth is a co-founder and General Partner of three private investment firms; Rx3, LLC, a $50 million influencer fund focused on consumer brands, Rivi Capital, LLC, a $35 million fund concentrated in the mining sector, and Aceras Life Sciences, LLC, an in-house incubator focused on funding the development of novel medical innovations. He also co-founded two long only asset management firms: Cortina Asset Management, LLC, which was recently acquired by Silvercrest Asset Management (NASDAQ: SAMG), and EAM Investors, LLC, with assets under management of approximately $1.5 billion. Mr. Roth earned his B.B.A. from the University of San Diego and his MBA from the Cornell SC Johnson College of Business.
  Gordon Roth, our Chief Financial Officer, is Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Roth Capital Partners, LLC. Prior to joining Roth, Mr. Roth was the Chairman and Founder of Roth and Company, P.C., a thirty-five person public accounting firm in Des Moines, Iowa. Mr. Roth brings over 40 years of accounting experience, as he spent thirteen years with Deloitte & Touche beginning in 1978, where he served as a Tax Partner and the Partner-in-Charge of the Des Moines office Tax Department. Mr. Roth is a CPA and a member of the America Institute of CPA’s. Mr. Roth has a B.A. from William Penn University, and a Master of Science in Accounting from Drake University.
  Rick Hartfiel, our Co-President, is a Managing Partner and has been the Head of Investment Banking at Craig-Hallum since 2005. Mr. Hartfiel brings over 30 years of investment banking experience focused on emerging growth companies. Since joining Craig-Hallum in 2005, Mr. Hartfiel has managed over 300 equity offerings (IPOs, follow-on offerings, registered direct offerings and PIPEs) and M&A transactions. Prior to joining Craig-Hallum, Mr. Hartfiel has been an investment banker at Dain, Rauscher, Wessels and Credit Suisse First Boston. Mr. Hartfiel has a B.A. from Amherst College, and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
  John Lipman, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, is a Partner and Managing Director of Investment Banking at Craig-Hallum. Mr. Lipman joined Craig-Hallum in 2012 and has more than 15 years of investment banking experience advising growth companies in the healthcare, industrial and technology sectors. Mr. Lipman has completed over 125 equity, convertible and debt offerings and advisory assignments for growth companies, including over 75 since joining Craig-Hallum. Prior to joining Craig-Hallum, Mr. Lipman was a Managing Director at Rodman & Renshaw LLC, and Carter Securities LLC, a firm he founded that specialized in raising equity, equity-linked, and debt capital for growth companies. Mr. Lipman has over 20 years investing experience in small capitalization companies, and started his career in venture capital and investor relations. Mr. Lipman earned his B.A. in Economics from Rollins College.
  Aaron Gurewitz, our Co-President, is a Managing Director and has been Head of Equity Capital Markets at Roth since January 2001. Mr. Gurewitz brings over 25 years of investment banking experience focused on growth companies. Since joining Roth in 1999, Mr. Gurewitz has managed over 1,000 public offerings including, but not limited to, IPOs and follow-on offerings. Prior to joining Roth in 1999, Mr. Gurewitz was a Senior Vice President in the Investment Banking Group at Friedman Billings Ramsey from May 1998 to August 1999. From 1995 to April 1998, Mr. Gurewitz was a Vice President in the Corporate Finance Department at Roth, and from 1999 to 2001, Mr. Gurewitz served as a Managing Director in Roth’s Investment Banking Department. Mr. Gurewitz graduated cum laude from San Diego State University with a B.S. in Finance.
  3
    Molly Hemmeter will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Since January of 2020, Ms. Hemmeter has been a member of the Board of Directors at Wilbur-Ellis Company Inc., a privately-owned family business based in San Francisco with a rich history spanning nearly 100 years. With revenues over $3.0 billion, Wilbur-Ellis is a leading international marketer, distributor and manufacturer of agricultural products, animal nutrients and specialty ingredients and chemicals. Also since January 2020, Ms. Hemmeter has served as Board Director for Flower One, a publicly traded company that specializes in large-scale cultivation and production of high-quality, low-cost cannabis with operations located in Nevada. Since October 2020, Ms. Hemmeter has served as Board Director of The Wine Group. The Wine Group is a privately-held, management-owned company that is the second largest wine producer in the US and third largest in the world. From 2009 to 2019, Ms. Hemmeter served as an Executive of Landec Corporation, a publicly-traded company in the health & wellness space with revenues of approximately $550M, and served as Chief Executive Officer, President & Director of Landec Corporation from 2015 to 2019. Ms. Hemmeter has also served on the Board of Directors for Windset Farms, one of the largest and most technologically advanced hydroponic growers in North America, from 2018 to 2019. Prior to Landec, from 2006 to 2009, Ms. Hemmeter served as VP of Global Marketing and Business Development at Ashland Chemical. Ms. Hemmeter has also been an executive in two software companies and held additional positions in strategy, marketing, engineering and operations in a number of other chemical, pharmaceutical and consumer product companies. Ms. Hemmeter holds a BES and MEng in Chemical Engineering from the University of Louisville and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
  Daniel M. Friedberg will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Mr. Friedberg has served as Chairman of the Board of Quest Resource Holding Corp. (NASDAQ: QRHC) since April 2019. Mr. Friedberg has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Hampstead Park Capital Management LLC, a private equity investment firm, since its founding in May 2016. Mr. Friedberg was Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of Sagard Capital Partners L.P., a private equity investment firm, from its founding in January 2005 until May 2016. In addition, from January 2005 to May 2016, Mr. Friedberg was also a Vice President of Power Corporation of Canada, a diversified international management holding company. Mr. Friedberg was with global strategy management consultants Bain & Company, as a consultant from 1987 to 1991 and then again as a Partner from 1997 to 2005. Mr. Friedberg started with Bain & Company in the London office in 1987, was a founder of the Toronto office in 1991, and a founder of the New York office in 2000, leading the Canadian and New York private equity businesses. From 1991 to 1997, Mr. Friedberg worked as Vice President of Strategy and Development for a U.S.-based global conglomerate and as an investment professional in a Connecticut-based boutique private equity firm. Mr. Friedberg currently serves on the Board at Buttonwood Networks and USA Field Hockey. Mr. Friedberg serves on the Board of Directors of Point Pickup Technologies and Triphammer Ventures LLC and has previously served on the Board of Directors at GP Strategies Corp. (GPX), InnerWorkings, Inc. (INWK), Performance Sports Group Ltd. (PSG) and X-Rite, Inc. (XRIT). Mr. Friedberg has a Master’s in Business Administration degree from the Johnson School at Cornell University’s College of Business, and a Bachelor of Science (Hons.) degree from the University of Manchester Institute of Science & Technology.
  Adam Rothstein will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Mr. Rothstein is a Co-Founder and General Partner in Disruptive Technology Partners, an Israeli technology-focused early-stage investment fund, and Disruptive Growth, a collection of late-stage investment vehicles focused on Israeli technology, which he co-founded in 2013 and 2014, respectively. Since 2014, Mr. Rothstein has been a Venture Partner in Subversive Capital, and the Managing Member of 1007 Mountain Drive Partners, LLC, which are both consulting and investment vehicles. Mr. Rothstein is also a sponsor and director of Subversive Capital Acquisition Corp., which is a special purpose acquisition company. Mr. Rothstein has over 20 years of investment experience, and currently sits on the boards of directors of several early- and mid-stage technology and media companies both in the US and in Israel and is on the Advisory Board for the Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado, Boulder. Mr. Rothstein graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania and has an (MPhil) in Finance from the University of Cambridge.
  James Gold will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Mr. Gold was President and Chief Merchandising Officer for The Neiman Marcus Group, LLC from October 2010 to March 2019. The Neiman Marcus Group is one of the premier retailers of luxury and fashion merchandise in the U.S. and has been operating for over a century. In his role as President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Mr. Gold oversaw strategy, merchandising, and management, and led the company’s integrated merchant and planning team for NM Stores, Bergdorf Goodman, and E-Commerce. Mr. Gold joined Neiman Marcus Stores in 1991. In 1997, after advancing through a series of buying and store positions, he was promoted to Vice President, Neiman Marcus Last Call Division. Subsequently, in 2000, he was named Vice President, Divisional Merchandise Manager, Women’s Designer Sportswear. In 2002, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager, Men’s, Cosmetics and Fragrances. He was appointed President and CEO of Bergdorf Goodman in 2004, a position he held until October 2010. In October 2010, Mr. Gold was appointed President and Chief Merchandising Officer for the Neiman Marcus Group. Mr. Gold currently serves as Interim CEO of Moda Operandi, an online luxury fashion retailer, and a member of the boards of Joor Software, Vuori Clothing and World of Children. Additionally he serves as a Specialist Advisor to Aequi Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company. Mr. Gold holds a B.A. from Tulane University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
  4
    We will establish an advisory board at the closing of this offering, the role and functions of which will be determined by our Board of Directors from time to time. The role of the advisory board is to consult and support our directors and officers in operating our business. The advisory board will not perform board or committee functions. Members of the advisory board will not be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our directors are subject, nor will advisory board members have any voting or decision making role, or any authority to act on our behalf. Members of the advisory board are not required or obligated to render any advice to us. Our directors and officers are not required to follow any advice, comments or recommendations of the advisory board in relation to the matters described herein. Members of the advisory board are not required or obligated to render any advice to us. We have not entered into any agreements governing our relationship with any members of our advisory board, and we may modify or expand the composition of the advisory board from time to time. The initial member at the closing of this offering will be Sam Chawla.
  Sam Chawla has been a Portfolio Manager of Perceptive Advisors LLC, an investment fund focused on the healthcare sector, since 2013. Prior to joining Perceptive Advisors in 2013, Mr. Chawla was a Managing Director at UBS Investment Bank (“UBS”) in the Global Healthcare Group. Mr. Chawla’s investment banking experience centered on strategic advisory work for both public and private healthcare companies. Prior to joining UBS in September 2010, Mr. Chawla was a Director (from January 2009 to September 2010) and a Vice President (from July 2007 to January 2009) in the Healthcare Investment Banking Group of Credit Suisse, which Mr. Chawla originally joined as an investment banker in 2002. Mr. Chawla also worked at Bloomberg L.P. and Pelican Life Sciences. Mr. Chawla received an M.B.A. from Georgetown University and a B.A. in Economics from Johns Hopkins University.
  5
    The past performance of Roth and Craig-Hallum, our management team and affiliates, or businesses with which they are or have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record or past performance of our management team or their affiliates or the businesses with which they are or have been associated as indicative of our future performance.
  About Roth Capital Partners
  Roth provides investment banking and research and trading services that include capital raising, mergers and acquisitions, research coverage, sales/trading, market making, corporate access conferences and more. Roth currently provides research coverage on approximately 370 public companies. Under Mr. Byron Roth’s leadership, since 1992, Roth has raised over $50 billion for small cap companies and completed over 335 advisory assignments.
  About Craig-Hallum
  Craig-Hallum is a privately-owned investment banking firm dedicated to the small-cap public market and headquartered in Minneapolis, MN. Founded in 1997, Craig-Hallum provides high-quality research coverage on approximately 285 public companies across a variety of sectors including technology, healthcare, diversified industrials, consumer and energy verticals. Since 2013, Craig-Hallum has completed over 300 equity offerings and advisory assignments for its clients.
  Business Strategy
  Our management team’s objective is to generate attractive returns and create value for our stockholders by applying a disciplined strategy of identifying attractive investment opportunities that could benefit from the addition of capital, management expertise and strategic insight.
  We will leverage our management team’s broad network of proprietary and public transaction sources to find an opportunity where their expertise could effect a positive transformation of the existing business to improve the overall value proposition while maximizing shareholder value.
  Our management team believes it can identify companies that are under-performing their potential due to a temporary period of dislocation in the markets in which they operate, inefficient capital allocations, over-levered capital structures, excessive cost structures, incomplete management teams and/or inappropriate business strategies. In order to increase shareholder value, we will seek to identify these dislocations and implement a proven course correction plan where management agreements are put in place, debt and equity structures are realigned and costs are reduced.
  We intend to source initial business combination opportunities through the extensive networks of our management team and their affiliates. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships, including seasoned executives and operators, private equity investors, lenders, attorneys and family offices, that we believe will provide our management team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities.
  6
    We believe successful special purpose acquisition companies require a differentiated story to make a business combination attractive for potential sellers of businesses who become partners in a public markets context. We believe that our team will be an attractive partner given our proven track record of both operational and financial success in small and medium sized public companies and our deep understanding of how to navigate complicated shareholder and capital markets dynamics in a small and mid-cap context.
  Business Combination Criteria
  Consistent with this strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. While we intend to utilize these criteria in evaluating business combination opportunities, we expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity.
  Middle-Market Business. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses with an enterprise value of approximately $400 million to $1 billion, determined in the sole discretion of our officers and directors according to reasonable accepted valuation standards and methodologies. We believe that middle-market segment provides the greatest number of opportunities for investment and where we believe we have the strongest network to identify opportunities.
  Established Businesses. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a history of, or potential for, strong, stable cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams.
  Complex Proprietary Opportunities. Our management team has a proven track record of identifying companies that are under-performing their potential due to a temporary period of dislocation in the markets in which they operate, inefficient capital allocations, over-levered capital structures and/or excessive cost structures. We expect our management team’s focus on complex situations that require creative solutions to lead to less competitive transactions where we can combine with attractive businesses at reasonable valuations. While our management team is focused on complex situations as a means to find attractively-priced transactions, we do not intend to pursue turnarounds or situations that do not lend themselves to the public markets.
  Growth opportunities through capital investment. We intend to seek candidates who will benefit from additional capital investment through a business combination.
  Strong management teams with a proven track record. We intend to seek candidates who have strong management teams with a proven track record of driving revenue growth, enhancing profitability and generating strong free cash flow. We will seek to partner with potential target’s management team and expect that the operating and financial abilities of our management and board will help potential target company to unlock opportunities for future growth and enhanced profitability.
  Opportunities for Add-On Acquisitions. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that we can grow both organically and through acquisitions. In addition, we believe that our ability to source proprietary opportunities and execute such transactions will help the business we acquire grow through acquisition, and thus serve as a platform for further add-on acquisitions.
  Benefit from Being a Public Company. We intend to pursue a business combination with a company that we believe will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company.
  Risk-Adjusted Return. We intend to acquire one or more companies that we believe can offer attractive risk-adjusted return on investments for our stockholders.
  These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
  In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC.
  7
    Our Business Combination Process
  In evaluating prospective business combinations, we expect to conduct a due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate.
  We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with Roth or Craig-Hallum, their affiliates, our initial stockholders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm that regularly provides fairness opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view.
  Roth and Craig-Hallum and each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which might be suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of Roth and Craig-Hallum and our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. We may, at our option, pursue an acquisition opportunity with an entity to which Roth or Craig-Hallum, investment funds advised by Roth or Craig-Hallum, or an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. The determination of whether an opportunity has been expressly offered to a director of officer solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company will made based on express statements by the person offering the opportunity, and if a director or officer is unsure of whether an opportunity was offered in such capacity, he or she shall seek guidance on such determination from the audit committee of our Board of Directors.
  Private Placements
  In February 2019, CR Financial Holdings, Inc., an entity affiliated with Roth Capital Partners, LLC, purchased an aggregate of 100 shares from us for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. On May 26, 2020, we effected a dividend of 28,750 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares outstanding. On May 29, 2020, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and certain of our directors, officers and affiliates of our management team purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. an aggregate of 2,059,019 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $17,904.51. On January 19, 2021 and February 3, 2021, certain affiliates of our management team purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC an aggregate of 239,583 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $2,083.33. On February 9, 2021, we effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding. That same date, certain of our initial stockholders sold an aggregate of 417,080 shares back to us, which shares were cancelled, and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and certain of our directors and affiliates of our management team purchased from us an aggregate of 417,080 shares, in each case, for an aggregate purchase price of $2,417.86. Also on February 9, 2021, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. 39,931 shares for a purchase price of $231.48. As of the date hereof, there are an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding, which shares we refer to herein as “founder shares” or “insider shares,” which includes an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our initial stockholders will collectively own approximately 20% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (excluding the sale of the private units and assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase public units in this offering). None of our initial stockholders has indicated any intention to purchase public units in this offering.
  The founder shares are identical to the public shares. On the date of this prospectus, the founder shares will be placed into an escrow account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as escrow agent. 50% of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50% of the founder shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) to any persons (including their affiliates and stockholders) participating in the private placement of the private units and our officers, directors, stockholders and employees, (2) amongst initial stockholders or to our officers, directors and employees, (3) if a holder is an entity, as a distribution to its, partners, stockholders or members upon its liquidation, (4) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder’s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a holder or a member of a holder’s immediate family, for estate planning purposes, (5) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (6) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (7) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases of our securities, (8) by private sales at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (9) for the cancellation of up to 562,500 shares of common stock subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, in each case (except for clause 9 or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and the insider letter.
  8
    Our stockholders prior to this offering have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 478,000 (or 523,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) units, or “private units,” at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering.
  The proceeds from the private placement of the private units and the proceeds of this offering will be placed in a trust account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, as further detailed in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds.” If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months, the proceeds from the sale of the private units will be included in the liquidating distribution to the holders of our public shares.
  The private units are identical to the units sold as part of the public units in this offering except that the warrants underlying the private units will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. However, our initial stockholders have agreed (A) to vote their founder shares, shares underlying the private units and any public shares purchased in or after this offering in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, prior to and unrelated to an initial business combination, an amendment to our certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the ability of public stockholders to exercise redemption rights as described herein or of our redemption obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 24 months of the closing of this offering, unless we provide public stockholders an opportunity to redeem their public shares in conjunction with any such amendment, (C) not to redeem any shares, including founder shares, shares underlying the private units and any public shares purchased in or after this offering into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or sell any shares to us in any tender offer in connection with our proposed initial business combination, (D) not to transfer the private units prior to the close of a business combination (except on the same terms as the founder shares would be transferable) and (E) that the founder shares and shares underlying the private units shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated.
  If public units or shares of common stock are purchased by any of our directors, officers or initial stockholders, they will be entitled to funds from the trust account to the same extent as any public stockholder upon our liquidation.
  Our executive offices are located at 888 San Clemente Drive, Newport Beach, CA 92660.
  The Offering
  In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20 of this prospectus.
  Securities offered   15,000,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. We will not issue fractional warrants and only whole warrants will trade.
  Listing of our securities and proposed symbols   We anticipate the units and the shares of common stock and the warrants, once they begin separate trading, will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “ROCRU,” “ROCR” and “ROCRW” respectively.
  9
        Each of the shares of common stock and warrants may trade separately on the 90th day after the date of this prospectus unless Roth and Craig-Hallum have determined that an earlier date is acceptable (based upon, among other things, its assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets and small capitalization companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular). In no event will Roth and Craig-Hallum allow separate trading of the shares of common stock and warrants until we file an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering.
          Once the shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into separately trading shares of common stock and warrants.
          We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, including an audited balance sheet, promptly upon the consummation of this offering, which is anticipated to take place two business days from the date the units commence trading. The audited balance sheet will reflect our receipt of the proceeds from the exercise of the over-allotment option if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K or a new Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in the Form 8-K, or amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if Roth and Craig-Hallum have allowed separate trading of the shares of common stock and warrants prior to the 90th day after the date of this prospectus.
  Shares of common stock:    
      Number issued and outstanding before this offering   4,312,500 shares(1)
      Number to be issued and outstanding after this offering   19,228,000 shares(2)
Redeemable Warrants:    
      Number issued and outstanding before this offering   0 warrants
      Number to be issued and outstanding after this offering and sale of private units   3,869,500(3)
      Exercisability   Each whole redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of common stock. Every four units entitles the holder thereof to receive one warrant upon separation of the units.
  (1) This number includes an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares of common stock held by our initial stockholders that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not fully exercised by the underwriters.
  (2) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 562,500 shares of common stock held by our initial stockholders have been forfeited. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, there will be a total of 22,085,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.
    (3) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, there will be a total of 4,443,250 warrants issued and outstanding.
  10
    Exercise price  
$11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as described herein. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. It is our current intention to have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock in effect promptly following consummation of an initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within 120 days following the consummation of our initial business combination, public warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the day prior to the date of exercise. For example, if a holder held 300 whole warrants to purchase 300 shares and the fair market value on the date prior to exercise was $15.00, that holder would receive 70 shares without the payment of any additional cash consideration.
  In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our Board of Directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our shares of common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Price”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the Market Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the Market Price.
      Exercise period   The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the consummation of an initial business combination. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption.
  11
    Redemption   We may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the warrants underlying the private units), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
          ·      at any time after the warrants become exercisable,
          ·      upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption,
          ·      if, and only if, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption, and
          ·      if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
          If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of our common stock may fall below the $18.00 trigger price, as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.
          The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.
          If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis” will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our shares of common stock at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances.
  12
    Offering proceeds to be held in trust   $150,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering (or $172,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering (regardless of whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part) will be placed in a trust account at Morgan Stanley, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee pursuant to an agreement to be signed on the date of this prospectus. Of the $4,780,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units, $4,030,000 will be used for offering expenses (including underwriting discounts and commissions) and $750,000 will be used for working capital, such amount not be held in the trust account.
      Except as set forth below, the proceeds in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of: (1) the completion of an initial business combination within the required time period and (2) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period.  Therefore, unless and until our initial business combination is consummated, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be available for our use for any expenses related to this offering or expenses which we may incur related to the investigation and selection of a target business and the negotiation of an agreement to acquire a target business.
          Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be released to us, from time to time, from the trust account any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we need to pay our income or other tax obligations. With this exception, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account of approximately $750,000. Additionally, in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient, our initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust account, to the extent available.
      Limited payments to insiders   Prior to the consummation of a business combination, there will be no fees, reimbursements or other cash payments paid to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than:
  13
        ·      repayment of loans of $200,000 made to us by CR Financial Holdings, Inc.;
          ·      payment to Roth and Craig-Hallum of underwriting commissions from this offering and fees for any financial advisory, placement agency or other similar investment banking services Roth and Craig-Hallum may provide to our company in the future (including reimbursement of any related expenses incurred by them in connection thereto);
          ·      reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets and business combinations; and
          ·      repayment upon consummation of our initial business combination of any loans which may be made by our initial stockholders or their affiliates or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination.
          We have also engaged Roth and Craig-Hallum as advisors in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement described under “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) — Business Combination Marketing Agreement.” We will pay Roth and Craig-Hallum a marketing fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to, in the aggregate, 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds from the full or partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, Roth and Craig-Hallum will not be entitled to such fee unless we consummate our initial business combination.
  There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account available to us, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial stockholder or member of our management team, or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.
      Stockholder approval of, or tender offer in connection with, initial business combination   In connection with any proposed initial business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of how or whether they vote on the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial stockholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any founder shares or public shares or shares underlying the private units held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each public stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction or whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. If we provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will consummate the business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
  14
        We have determined not to consummate any business combination unless we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation in order to avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares redeemed) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all.
          Our initial stockholders have agreed (A) to vote their founder shares, shares underlying the private units and any public shares purchased in or after this offering in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, prior to and unrelated to an initial business combination, an amendment to our certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our redemption obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 24 months unless we provide public stockholders an opportunity to redeem their public shares in conjunction with any such amendment, (C) not to convert any shares (including the founder shares, shares underlying the private units and any public shares purchased) into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or sell any shares to us in a tender offer in connection with our proposed initial business combination, and (D) that the founder shares and shares underlying the private units shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. None of our initial stockholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase public units in this offering or any units or shares of common stock in the open market or in private transactions. However, if a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Our initial stockholders, officers, directors and their affiliates could purchase sufficient shares so that the initial business combination may be approved without the majority vote of public shares held by non-affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial stockholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock or purchasing shares when the buyer is in possession of material non-public information about the Company.
  15
    Conversion rights   In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of how or whether he, she or it is voting on such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his, her or its public shares into a pro rata share of the trust account upon consummation of the business combination.
          We may require public stockholders wishing to exercise conversion rights, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender the certificates they are seeking to convert to our transfer agent or to deliver the shares they are seeking to convert to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45, and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the business combination in order to exercise conversion rights. This is because a holder would need to deliver shares to exercise conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders.
          Under Delaware law, we may be required to give a minimum of only ten days’ notice for each general meeting. As a result, if we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares of common stock into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to.
          If we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares of common stock to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion described above and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders.
  16
    Liquidation if no business combination  
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares (including any public units in this offering or any public units or shares that our initial stockholders or their affiliates purchased in this offering or later acquired in the open market or in private transactions), which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably practicable following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining holders of common stock and our Board of Directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law.
  In connection with our redemption of 100% of our outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not necessary to pay our taxes payable on such funds. Holders of warrants will receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation with respect to such warrants, which will expire worthless.
  17
        We may not have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we will seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after this offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. There is also no guarantee that the third parties would not challenge the enforceability of these waivers and bring claims against the trust account for monies owed them.
          Certain of our initial stockholders have agreed that they will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.  We have not independently verified whether our initial stockholders have sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations. We have not asked our initial stockholders to reserve for such obligations.  We therefore cannot assure you that they will be able to satisfy their indemnification obligations if they are required to do so.
          The holders of the founder shares and private units will not participate in any redemption distribution with respect to their founder shares and private units, but may have any public shares redeemed upon liquidation.
          If we are unable to conclude our initial business combination and we expend all of the net proceeds of this offering not deposited in the trust account, without taking into account any interest earned on the trust account, we expect that the initial per-share redemption price will be approximately $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of our stockholders. Furthermore, our underwriters may seek recourse against the proceeds in the trust account relating to any future claims they may have against us. In addition, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption price may be less than approximately $10.00.
          We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from interest accrued under the trust account (up to $50,000). If such funds are insufficient, certain of our initial stockholders have agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation and have agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. We currently do not anticipate that such funds will be insufficient.
  18
    Conflict of Interest  
Certain of our initial stockholders, officers and directors are affiliates of Roth and Craig-Hallum, the lead bookrunning managers in this offering. As a result, Roth and Craig-Hallum are deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of Rule 5121 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“Rule 5121”).
  Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the applicable requirements of Rule 5121. Rule 5121 requires that a “qualified independent underwriter,” as defined in Rule 5121, participate in the preparation of the registration statement and prospectus and exercise the usual standards of due diligence with respect thereto. EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. has agreed to act as a “qualified independent underwriter” for this offering. EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. will receive a fee of $100,000 upon the completion of this offering for acting as a qualified independent underwriter. We have agreed to indemnify EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. against certain liabilities incurred in connection with acting as a “qualified independent underwriter,” including liabilities under the Securities Act. In addition, no underwriter with a conflict of interest will confirm sales to any account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the specific prior written approval of the account holder.
  RISKS
  We are a newly formed company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company, as well as the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act, and, therefore, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “ Proposed Business — Comparison to Offerings of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20 of this prospectus.
  A brief summary of some of the risk factors that make an investment in us speculative or risky include:
    · Whether we will be able to complete our initial business combination, particularly in light of disruption that may result from limitations imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic;
    · Whether we will be successful in retaining or recruiting, or making changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
    · How much time our officers and directors allocate to us and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements and other benefits;
    · Whether we will need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
    · Whether there is a sufficient pool of prospective target businesses for us to acquire, given competition;
    · Whether our officers and directors are able to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;
    · Whether our securities are delisted from Nasdaq prior to our business combination or an inability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq following a business combination;
    · The fact that we may have limited liquidity in our securities;
    · The fact there has not previously been a market for our securities; and
    · Our financial performance following our business combination.
  SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA
  The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data are presented.
      As of
December 31, 2019     As of
December 31, 2020     As Adjusted
December 31, 2020  
    (Audited)     (Audited)        
Balance Sheet Data:                        
Working capital (deficiency)(1)   $ 23,775     $ (8,742 )   $ 150,772,800  
Total assets(2)   $ 25,000     $ 228,800     $ 150,772,800  
Total liabilities   $ 1,225     $ 206,000     $ -  
Value of common stock subject to possible conversion/tender(3)     -       -       145,772,790  
Stockholders’ equity(4)   $ 23,775     $ 22,800     $ 5,000,010  
  (1) The “as adjusted” calculation includes $150,000,000 cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units, plus $750,000 of cash held outside the trust account, plus $22,800 of actual stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2020.
  (2) The “as adjusted” calculation equals $150,000,000 cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units, plus $750,000 of cash held outside the trust account, plus $22,800 of actual stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2020.
  (3) The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the “as adjusted” stockholders’ equity, which is set to approximate the minimum net tangible assets threshold of at least $5,000,001.
  (4) Excludes 14,577,279 public shares which are subject to redemption in connection with our initial business combination. The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the value of common stock that may be redeemed in connection with our initial business combination (initially $10.00 per share). The actual number of public shares that may be redeemed may exceed the aforementioned amount provided that we will not consummate an initial business combination unless we satisfy the $5,000,001 minimum net tangible assets threshold.
  The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the sale of the units in this offering, the sale of the private units, and the payment of the estimated expenses of this offering and assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. The “as adjusted” total assets amount includes the $150,000,000 held in the trust account (which would be $172,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) for the benefit of our public stockholders, which amount will be available to us only upon the completion of our initial business combination within the completion window.
  19
    RISK FACTORS
  An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
  Risks Related to Our Business and Structure
  We are a newly formed blank check company in the early stage with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
  We are a recently formed blank check company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering and consummating our initial business combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning our initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
  Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.”
  As of December 31, 2020, we had $195,758 in cash and a working capital deficit of $8,742. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern.
  20
    The requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete such a business combination.
  Pursuant to Nasdaq listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete a business combination with. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, which may be less than $10.00 per share.
  Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.
  If a stockholder vote is not required, we may conduct redemptions via a tender offer. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve the business combination.
  Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
  At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Because our Board of Directors may consummate our initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our business combination.
  The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into our initial business combination with a target.
  We may enter into a transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition, and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets would be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into our initial business combination transaction with us.
  The ability of a large number of our stockholders to exercise redemption rights may not allow us to consummate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
  In connection with the consummation of our business combination, we may redeem up to that number of shares of common stock that would permit us to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001. If our business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, the redemption threshold may be further limited. Alternatively, we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination in case a larger percentage of stockholders exercises its redemption rights than we expect. If the acquisition involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to the target or its stockholders to make up for the failure to satisfy a minimum cash requirement. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.
  21
    The requirement that we maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount of cash could increase the probability that we cannot consummate our business combination and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.
  If, pursuant to the terms of our proposed business combination, we are required to maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount of cash in trust in order to consummate the business combination regardless of whether we proceed with redemptions under the tender offer or proxy rules, the probability that we cannot consummate our business combination is increased. If we do not consummate our business combination, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount in our trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with a redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.
  The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination.
  Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning our initial business combination will be aware that we must consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence, and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
  We may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.
  Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate our initial business combination within such time period. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter (subject to our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law), distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public stockholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. This redemption of public stockholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law prior to any voluntary winding up.
  If we seek stockholder approval of our business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from stockholders, in which case they may influence a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support.
  If we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions either prior to or following the consummation of our initial business combination. Such purchases will not be made if our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates are in possession of any material non-public information that has not been disclosed to the selling stockholder. Such a purchase would include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases.
  The purpose of such purchases would be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (2) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of the business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the consummation of an initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
  22
    Purchases of shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions by our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may make it difficult for us to maintain the listing of our shares on a national securities exchange following the consummation of an initial business combination.
  If our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, the public “float” of our shares of common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities would both be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain the listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange following consummation of the business combination.
  You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
  Our public stockholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of a redemption to public stockholders prior to any winding up in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination or our liquidation, if they redeem their shares in connection with an initial business combination that we consummate or if we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of our redemption obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 24 months of the closing of this offering. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to the funds in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
  You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
  Because the net proceeds of this offering are intended to be used to complete our initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to consummate an initial business combination than if we were subject to Rule 419. Moreover, offerings subject to Rule 419 would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison to Offerings of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.”
  If we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20% of our shares of common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20% of our shares of common stock.
  If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, individually or together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in this offering. Your inability to redeem more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in this offering will reduce your influence over our ability to consummate our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell such excess shares in open market transactions. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20% and, in order to dispose of such shares, you would be required to sell your shares in open market transaction, potentially at a loss.
  If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
  The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, assuming that our initial business combination is not consummated during that time. If we are unable to fund our operating expenses, our ability to close a contemplated transaction could be impaired. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive a pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account (which may be less than $10.00 per share) (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless.
  23
    The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
  The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, $100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
  Subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges.
  Even if we conduct thorough due diligence on a target business with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business. Even with thorough due diligence, we may not be able to uncover all material issues, and there may be factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing.
  Our directors may decide not to enforce indemnification obligations against our initial stockholders, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders.
  In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ overallotment option is exercised in full) and our initial stockholders assert that they are unable to satisfy their obligations or that they have no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine on our behalf whether to take legal action against them to enforce their indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our initial stockholders to enforce their indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations on our behalf, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
  If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
  If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment company, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
  24
    If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination.
  If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait up to 24 months or longer before redemption from our trust account.
  If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter (subject to our certificate of incorporation and applicable law), distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public stockholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs by way of a voluntary liquidation, as further described herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by our certificate of incorporation prior to our commencing any voluntary liquidation. Except as otherwise described herein, we have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of any redemption required as a result of our failure to consummate our initial business combination within the period described above or our liquidation, unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their shares of common stock. Only upon any such redemption of public shares as we are required to effect or any liquidation will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination.
  As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.
  In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination.
  In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.
  Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets.
  The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has affected, or could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.
  The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock.
  Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on the date of this prospectus, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the founder shares, the private units and the underlying securities. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholder of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our shares of common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private units or their respective permitted transferees are registered.
  Because we have not selected a particular business or specific geographic location or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’ operations.
  Although we have a stated focus on certain target businesses in a specific geographic location as indicated elsewhere in this prospectus, we may pursue acquisition opportunities in any geographic region, relying upon our management team’s background. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we intend to initially focus on those industries or sectors that complement our management team’s background. Except for the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) and that we are not permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to our initial business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we consummate our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors, or we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence with respect to the target business and its industry. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. In addition, investors will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of a particular target business. An investment in our units may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in an acquisition target.
  25
    We may seek investment opportunities outside our management’s area of expertise and our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all significant risks associated with the target company.
  There is no limitation on the industry or business sector we may consider when contemplating our initial business combination. We may therefore be presented with a business combination candidate in an industry unfamiliar to our management team, but determine that such candidate offers an attractive investment opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an investment outside of our management’s expertise, our management’s experience may not be directly applicable to the target business or the evaluation of its operations.
  Risks Relating to Completing a Business Combination
  The ability of our public stockholders to exercise their redemption rights may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
  If our initial business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise redemption rights, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon such redemption, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our initial business combination. In the event that the acquisition involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our stock to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.
  In connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public stockholder the option to vote in favor of the proposed business combination and still seek redemption of his, her or its shares.
  In connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our initial stockholders, officers or directors) the right to have his, her or its shares of common stock redeemed for cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus) regardless of how or whether such stockholder votes on such proposed business combination. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. This is different than other similarly structured blank check companies where stockholders are offered the right to redeem their shares only when they vote against a proposed business combination. This threshold and the ability to seek redemption while voting in favor of a proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
  We will require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares of common stock in connection with a proposed business combination or amendment to our certificate of incorporation to effect the substance or timing of their redemption obligation if we fail to timely complete a business combination to comply with specific requirements for redemption that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights.
  We will require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the expiration date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or in the event we distribute proxy materials, up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination or amendment to our certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of our redemption obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. In order to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, this may not be the case. Under our bylaws, we are required to provide at least 10 days’ advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise redemption rights. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who wish to redeem may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their redemption rights and thus may be unable to redeem their shares.
  26
    Because of our structure, other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination.
  We expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Therefore, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval of our initial business combination may delay the consummation of a transaction. Additionally, our rights, and the future dilution they represent (entitling the holders to receive shares of common stock on consummation of our initial business combination), may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination.
  We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption, and the warrants will expire worthless.
  Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering will be sufficient to allow us to consummate our initial business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction or our costs to operate or locate a transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. Financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment, including due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, has made it especially difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular initial business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption, and the warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to consummate our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.
  Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
  Upon closing of this offering, our initial stockholders collectively will own approximately 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (not including shares underlying the private units and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our certificate of incorporation. If our initial stockholders purchase any units in this offering or our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. To our knowledge, none of our initial stockholders, officers or directors has any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our shares of common stock.
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company’s directors, officers or other employees.
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, (4) action asserting a claim as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (5) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (1) through (5) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the inclusion of such provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not be deemed to be a waiver by our stockholders of our obligation to comply with federal securities laws, rules and regulations, and the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (for purposes of this subsection a “foreign action”) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (for purposes of this subsection an “enforcement action”), and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder’s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder.
  This choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.
  Our initial stockholders paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.01 per founder share and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our shares of common stock.
  The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the shares of common stock included in the unit and none to the warrants included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our initial stockholders acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon closing of this offering, you and the other public stockholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 89.2% or $8.92 per share (the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $1.08 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per share immediately upon the closing of this offering), or approximately 90.5% dilution or $9.05 per share (the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $0.95 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per share) if the over-allotment is fully exercised.
  27
    The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry.
  Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with representatives of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the units, including the shares of common stock and warrants underlying the units, include:
    · the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
    · prior offerings of those companies;
    · our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
    · a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions;
    · our capital structure;
    · an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
    · general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering, including with respect to the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic; and
    · other factors as were deemed relevant.
  Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results.
  Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
  The federal proxy rules, which require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards, or IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board or the IASB, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We will include substantially the same financial statement disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may consummate our initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
  28
    Although we identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and, as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
  Although we have identified specific criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these attributes. If we consummate our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce our initial business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise its redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or Nasdaq, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless.
  Management’s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with our management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our stockholders.
  Subject to the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Investors will be relying on management’s ability to identify business combinations, evaluate their merits, conduct or monitor diligence and conduct negotiations. Management’s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our stockholders, which would be the case if the trading price of our shares of common stock after giving effect to such business combination was less than the per-share trust liquidation value that our stockholders would have received if we had dissolved without consummating our initial business combination.
  We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm in connection with a business combination, and consequently, an independent source may not confirm that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view.
  Unless we consummate our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board of Directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.
  29
    Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not consummated.
  We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless.
  Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be largely dependent upon the efforts of our officers, directors and key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination.
  Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us.
  The role of such persons in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of such persons may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
  Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and, as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
  Our key personnel may be able to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our key personnel may not remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
  30
    We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effectuate our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
  When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’ management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted.
  The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon consummation of our initial business combination. The loss of an acquisition target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
  The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the consummation of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that some members of the management team of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
  Certain of our officers and directors are affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
  Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Certain of our executive officers and directors are affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business.
  Our officers may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
  For example, Byron Roth, Gordon Roth and Aaron Gurewitz are affiliated with Roth, and Rick Hartfiel and John Lipman are affiliated with Craig-Hallum, our lead book-running managing underwriters. Such officers and directors owe a pre-existing fiduciary duty to Roth or Craig-Hallum, as applicable, meaning that they will present opportunities to Roth or Craig-Hallum, or their respective clients, prior to presenting them to us, if, for example, a potential target company is open to either raising funds in an offering or engaging in a transaction with a SPAC. In addition, each of Byron Roth, Gordon Roth, Aaron Gurewitz, John Lipman, Rick Hartfiel, Molly Hemmeter, Daniel M. Friedberg, and Adam Rothstein are officers and directors of each of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co., both of which are special purpose acquisition companies. Roth CH Acquisition I Co. has entered into an agreement and plan of merger with PureCycle Technologies LLC pursuant to which Roth CH Acquisition I Co. will acquire PureCycle Technologies LLC. If the business combination between Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and PureCycle is not consummated for any reason, Roth CH Acquisition I Co. will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by it. Roth CH Acquisition II Co. has not yet entered into a definitive agreement for an initial business combination, and is still searching for target businesses with which to consummate such a transaction. Accordingly, Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by it. Furthermore, James Gold is a Specialist Advisor of Aequi Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, which will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by Mr. Gold. These affiliations may limit the number of potential targets they present to us for purposes of completing a business combination.
  Any conflict of interest may not be resolved in our favor, and potential target businesses may be presented to another entity prior to their presentation to us.
  Certain shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will not participate in liquidation distributions and, therefore, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination.
  Our officers and directors have waived their right to redeem any shares in connection with our initial business combination, or to receive distributions with respect to their founder shares and shares underlying the private units upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Accordingly, these securities will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. Any warrants they hold, like those held by the public, will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest.
  31
    We may engage in our initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our executive officers, directors or existing holders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
  We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In light of the involvement of our initial stockholders, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to consummate our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for our initial business combination as set forth in “Proposed Business — Effecting our initial business combination — Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination” and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we seek to acquire, regarding the fairness to our stockholders from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more North American or international businesses affiliated with our executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Our directors have a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of our stockholders, whether or not a conflict of interest may exist.
  Because our initial stockholders will lose their entire initial investment in us if our initial business combination is not consummated and our officers and directors have significant financial interests in us, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular acquisition target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
  Our initial stockholders currently hold an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. In addition, our stockholders prior to this offering have agreed that they or their designees will purchase an aggregate of 478,000 (or 523,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) private units at a price of $10.00 per private unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that will also be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. As a result, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular acquisition target is appropriate for us.
  We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete our initial business combination, which may adversely affect our financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
  Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. If we incur any indebtedness without a waiver from any lender of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
    · default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
    · acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
    · our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
    · our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
    · our inability to pay dividends on our shares of common stock;
    · using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our shares of common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
    · limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
    · increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
    · limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
  32
    We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business, which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
  The net proceeds from this offering together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private units (excluding $750,000 of net proceeds that will not be held in the trust account) will provide us with approximately $150,000,000 (or approximately $172,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that we may use to complete our initial business combination.
  We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities, which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.
  We may attempt to simultaneously consummate business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
  If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
  We may attempt to consummate our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available.
  In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in our initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
  We may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination.
  We may structure our initial business combination to acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only consummate such business combination if we will become the majority stockholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or to the extent permitted by law we may acquire interests in a variable interest entity, in which we may have less than a majority of the voting rights in such entity, but in which we are the primary beneficiary. Even though we may own a majority interest in the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that we will not be able to maintain our control of the target business.
  33
    Risks Relating to our Securities
  Holders of warrants will not participate in liquidating distributions if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period.
  If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, the warrants will expire and holders will not receive any of such proceeds with respect to the warrants. The foregoing may provide a financial incentive to public stockholders to vote in favor of any proposed initial business combination as each of their warrants would entitle the holder to receive or purchase additional shares of common stock, resulting in an increase in their overall economic stake in us. If a business combination is not approved, the warrants will expire and be worthless.
  If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, public holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a “cashless basis” which would result in a fewer number of shares being issued to the holder had such holder exercised the warrants for cash.
  If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis” provided that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that a holder will receive upon exercise of its public warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised its warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential benefit of the holder’s investment in us may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the warrants underlying the private units may be exercisable for unregistered shares of common stock for cash even if the prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and effective.
  An investor will only be able to exercise a warrant for cash if the issuance of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants.
  No public warrants will be exercisable for cash and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. At the time that the warrants become exercisable, we expect to continue to be listed on a national securities exchange, which would provide an exemption from registration in every state. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. If the common shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold.
  Our management’s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash.
  If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our initial stockholders and/or their permitted transferees) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential benefit of the holder’s investment in our company.
  We may amend the terms of the warrants in a way that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants.
  Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including the warrants included in the private units) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
  34
    Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.
  Our warrant agreement will provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a “foreign action”) in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an “enforcement action”), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder’s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.
  This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board of Directors.
  We have no obligation to net cash settle the warrants.
  In no event will we have any obligation to net cash settle the warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.
  Redeeming stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved.
  We will require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares of common stock in connection with any proposed business combination to comply with the delivery requirements discussed above for redemption. If such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to redeem their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish, even while other stockholders that did not seek redemption may be able to sell their securities.
  There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
  There is currently no market for our securities. Prospective stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Once listed on Nasdaq, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. Additionally, if our securities become delisted from Nasdaq for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities not listed on a national exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were listed on Nasdaq or another national exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.
  Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business outside of the United States
  We may effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States.
  If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following:
    · rules and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
    · laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;
    · exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;
    · tariffs and trade barriers;
    · regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
    · longer payment cycles;
    · tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
    · currency fluctuations and exchange controls;
  35
      · rates of inflation;
    · challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
    · cultural and language differences;
    · employment regulations;
    · crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and
    · deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer.
  There are costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations.
  Managing a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the United States) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely North American business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance.
  Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, or policy changes or enactments may occur in a country in which we may operate after we effect our initial business combination.
  Political events in another country may significantly affect our business, assets or operations. Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, and policy changes or enactments could negatively impact our business in a particular country.
  Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience.
  Our ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition.
  Rules and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent.
  Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results.
  If relations between the United States and foreign governments deteriorate, it could cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive.
  The relationship between the United States and foreign governments could be subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. For instance, the United States may announce its intention to impose quotas on certain imports or become involved in trade wars with other nations. Such import quotas or trade wars may adversely affect political relations between the two countries and result in retaliatory countermeasures by the foreign government in industries that may affect our ultimate target business. Changes in political conditions in foreign countries and changes in the state of U.S. relations with such countries are difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations or cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible extent of any impact on our ultimate operations if relations are strained between the United States and a foreign country in which we acquire a target business or move our principal manufacturing or service operations.
  36
    If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws.
  Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely affect our operations.
  Currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.
  In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.
  Because foreign law could govern our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdiction or elsewhere.
  Foreign law could govern our material agreements. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or remedies may not be available outside of such foreign jurisdiction’s legal system. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The judiciaries in certain foreign countries may be relatively inexperienced in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher than usual degree of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation, any such jurisdictions may not favor outsiders or could be corrupt. As a result, the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business and business opportunities.
  General Risk Factors
  Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.
  Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to all public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
  37
    We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our securities less attractive to investors.
  We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion, or the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile.
  Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a new accounting standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will not adopt the new or revised standard until the time private companies are required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
  Once initially listed on Nasdaq, our securities may not continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
  We anticipate that our securities will be initially listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market upon consummation of this offering. However, we cannot assure you of this or that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. Additionally, in connection with our business combination, Nasdaq may require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
    · a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
    · a reduced liquidity with respect to our securities;
    · a determination that our shares of common stock are a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of common stock;
    · a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and
    · a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
  Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations.
  We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments and agencies, in particular, the SEC. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application also may change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
  38
    CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
  Certain statements contained in this prospectus, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance, and any other statements of a future or forward-looking nature, constitute “forward-looking statements” for the purpose of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about:
    · our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in light of disruption that may result from limitations imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic;
    · our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
    · our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements and other benefits;
    · our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
    · our pool of prospective target businesses;
    · the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;
    · the delisting of our securities from Nasdaq or an inability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq following a business combination;
    · our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
    · the lack of a market for our securities; or
    · our financial performance following this offering or following our business combination.
  The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
  39
    USE OF PROCEEDS
  We are offering 15,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, together with the funds we receive from the sale of the private units (all of which will be deposited into the trust account), will be used as set forth in the following table:
      Without
Over-
Allotment
Option     Over-
Allotment
Option
Exercised  
Gross proceeds                
From offering   $ 150,000,000     $ 172,500,000  
From sale of private units     4,780,000       5,230,000  
Total gross proceeds   $ 154,780,000     $ 177,730,000  
Offering expenses (1)                
Underwriting discounts and commissions (2.0% of gross proceeds from offering)   $ 3,000,000 (2)(3)   $ 3,450,000 (2)(3)
Legal fees and expenses     325,000       325,000  
Nasdaq listing fee (including deferred amount)     75,000       75,000  
Printing and engraving expenses     35,000       35,000  
Accounting fees and expenses     75,000       75,000  
FINRA filing fee     33,814       33,814  
SEC registration fee     24,230       24,230  
Director and officer liability insurance     400,000       400,000  
Miscellaneous expenses     61,956       61,956  
Total offering expenses   $ 4,030,000     $ 4,480,000  
Net proceeds                
Held in trust   $ 150,000,000 (3)   $ 172,500,000 (3)
Not held in trust     750,000       750,000  
Total net proceeds   $ 150,750,000     $ 173,250,000  
                  Use of net proceeds not held in the trust account (4)(5)                
Legal, accounting and other third party expenses attendant to the search for target businesses and to the due diligence investigation, structuring and negotiation of a business combination   $ 200,000       27 %
Due diligence of prospective target businesses by officers, directors and initial stockholders     100,000       13 %
Legal and accounting fees relating to SEC reporting obligations     100,000       13 %
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses, general corporate purposes, liquidation obligations and reserves     350,000       47 %
Total   $ 750,000       100 %
   (1) A portion of the offering expenses, including the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee, the non-refundable portion of Nasdaq listing fee and a portion of the legal and audit fees, have been paid from funds we borrowed from CR Financial Holdings, Inc., as further described below. These funds will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us. In the event that offering expenses are less than as set forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing working capital expenses. In the event that the offering expenses are more than as set forth in this table, we may fund such excess with funds not held in the trust account.
  (2) No discounts or commissions will be paid with respect to the purchase of the private units.
  (3) The funds held in the trust account will be used to acquire a target business, to pay holders who wish to convert or sell their shares for a portion of the funds held in the trust account and potentially to pay our expenses relating thereto. Our expenses relating to the acquisition of a target business would either come from the funds held in the trust account or additional funds otherwise available to us outside of the trust account, including cash held by the target business. Any remaining funds will be disbursed to the combined company and be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business.  We have also engaged Roth and Craig-Hallum as advisors in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement described under “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) — Business Combination Marketing Agreement.” We will pay Roth and Craig-Hallum a marketing fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to, in the aggregate, 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds from the full or partial exercise of the over-allotment option ($5,250,000 if the over-allotment option is not exercised, and $6,037,500 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full).
  (4) The amount of proceeds not held in trust will remain constant at $750,000 even if the over-allotment is exercised.
  (5) These are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of that business combination. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would be deducted from our excess working capital.
  40
    A total of $10.00 per unit (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the net proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private units described in this prospectus will be placed in a trust account in the United States at Morgan Stanley, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee and will be held as cash items or invested only in U.S. government treasury bills, notes and bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act and which invest solely in U.S. Treasuries. Except for all interest income that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, as discussed below, none of the funds held in the trust account will be released from the trust account until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and (ii) a redemption to public stockholders prior to any voluntary winding-up in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination within the applicable period.
  The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using shares or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the purchase price in connection with our business combination, we may apply the cash released from the trust account that is not applied to the purchase price for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of acquired businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in consummating the initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
  We believe that amounts not held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of our initial business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to use from the trust account is minimal as a result of the current interest rate environment, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. In this event, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from members of our management team, but such members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.
  On December 15, 2020, we issued an unsecured promissory note to CR Financial Holdings, Inc., pursuant to which the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $200,000 as of December 31, 2020. The promissory note is non-interest bearing and will be payable promptly after consummation of this offering or the date on which we determine not to conduct this offering.
  In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our initial stockholders, officers and directors (or their affiliates) may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. The notes would be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust account, to the extent available.
  In no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. Furthermore, the redemption threshold may be further limited by the terms and conditions of our initial business combination. In such case, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares or the business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination.
  A public stockholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our consummation of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months following the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law, or (iii) if we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 24 months of the closing of this offering and such amendment is duly approved. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
  41
    Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any shares they own in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, including their founder shares, shares underlying the private units and public shares that they have purchased during or after the offering, if any. In addition, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions with respect to its founder shares and shares underlying the private units if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period.
  DIVIDEND POLICY
  We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time and subject to the Delaware law. In addition, our Board of Directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a share dividend immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain our initial stockholders’ ownership at approximately 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon the consummation of this offering (assuming no purchase in this offering and not taking into account ownership of the private units).
  DILUTION
  The difference between the public offering price per share, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with sale and exercise of warrants, including the warrants included in the private units. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of shares of common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding shares of common stock.
  At December 31, 2020, our net tangible book value was $(8,742) or approximately $(0.00) per share. After giving effect to the sale of 15,000,000 shares of common stock included in the units we are offering by this prospectus and the proceeds received from the sale of the private units, the deduction of underwriting discounts and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at December 31, 2020 would have been $5,000,010 or $1.08 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $1.08 per share to the initial stockholders and an immediate dilution of 89.2% per share or $8.92 to new investors not exercising their conversion/tender rights. For purposes of presentation, our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering is $145,772,790 less than it otherwise would have been because, if we effect a business combination, the ability of public stockholders to exercise conversion rights or sell their shares to us in any tender offer may result in the conversion or tender of up to 14,577,279 shares sold in this offering.
   The following table illustrates the dilution to the new investors on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the redeemable warrants, including the private units:
  Public offering price            $ 10.00  
Net tangible book value before this offering   $ (0.00 )        
Increase attributable to new investors, private sales and capital contribution     1.08          
Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering             1.08  
Dilution to new investors            $ 8.92  
Percentage of dilution to new investors             89.2 %
  The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial stockholders and the new investors:
                                      Average  
    Shares Purchased     Total Consideration     Price  
    Number     Percentage     Amount     Percentage     Per Share  
Initial stockholders (1)     3,750,000       19.50 %   $ 25,000       0.02 %   $ 0.01  
Private units     478,000       2.49 %     4,780,000       3.08 %     10.00  
New investors     15,000,000       78.01 %     150,000,000       96.90 %     10.00  
      19,228,000       100.00 %     154,805,000       100.00 %        
   (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 562,500 shares of common stock held by our initial stockholders have been forfeited as a result thereof.
  42
    The pro forma net tangible book value after the offering is calculated as follows:
  Numerator: (1)      
Net tangible book value before this offering   $ (8,742 )
Net proceeds from this offering and private placement of private units     150,750,000  
Plus: Offering costs accrued for and paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value     31,542  
Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to conversion/tender     (145,772,790 )
    $ 5,000,010  
          Denominator:        
Shares of common stock issued and outstanding prior to this offering (1)     3,750,000  
Shares of common stock to be sold in this offering     15,000,000  
Shares of common stock included in the private units issued     478,000  
Less: Shares subject to conversion/tender     (14,577,279 )
      4,650,721  
  (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 562,500 shares of common stock held by our initial stockholders have been forfeited by us as a result thereof.
  CAPITALIZATION
  The following table sets forth our capitalization at December 31, 2020 and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of our units and the private units and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities.
      December 31, 2020  
    Actual     As
Adjusted (1)  
Promissory note – related party   $ 200,000          
Shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, none and 14,577,279 shares are subject to
possible conversion/tender, respectively     —       145,772,790  
Shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, 4,312,500
shares issued and outstanding, actual; 4,650,721 shares issued and outstanding
(2) (excluding 14,577,279 shares subject to possible conversion/tender (3)), as adjusted     431       465  
Additional paid-in capital     24,569       5,001,745  
Accumulated deficit     (2,200 )     (2,200 )
Total stockholders’ equity     22,800       5,000,010  
Total capitalization   $ 222,800       150,772,800  
   (1) Includes the $4,780,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units (assuming the over-allotment option has not been exercised).
  (2) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 562,500 shares of common stock held by our initial stockholders have been forfeited as a result thereof.
  (3) The actual number of shares that may be converted or tendered may exceed this number so long as we have at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of a business combination.
  43
    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
  We were incorporated on February 13, 2019 as a Delaware corporation to serve as a vehicle to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. The issuance of additional shares in our business combination:
    · may significantly reduce the equity interest of our stockholders;
    · may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if we issue preferred shares with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock;
    · will likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and
    · may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities.
  Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in:
    · default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations;
    · acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
    · our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and
    · our inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding.
  As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2020, we had $195,758 in cash and deferred offering costs of $31,542. Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. Our plans to raise capital or to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful.
  Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events
  We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial position, and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering.
  Liquidity and Capital Resources
  As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2020, we had $195,758 in cash and a working capital deficit of $8,742. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this uncertainty through this offering are discussed above. Our plans to raise capital or to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
  44
    Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the insider shares and loans from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. in an aggregate amount of $200,000 that is more fully described below. We estimate that the net proceeds from (1) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $1,030,000 and underwriting discounts and commissions of $3,000,000 (or $3,450,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) and (2) the sale of the private units for a purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be $150,750,000 (or $173,250,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). Of this amount, $150,000,000 (or $172,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account. The remaining $750,000 (whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will not be held in the trust account.
   We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses.
  Over the next 24 months, we will be using the funds held outside of the trust account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. Out of the funds available outside the trust account, we anticipate that we will incur approximately:
    · $200,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of a business combination;
    · $100,000 of expenses for the due diligence and investigation of a target business by our officers, directors and initial stockholders;
    · $100,000 of expenses in legal and accounting fees relating to our SEC reporting obligations; and
    · $350,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses.
  If our estimates of the above costs are less than the actual costs, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.
  Related Party Transactions
  On December 15, 2020, we issued an unsecured promissory note to CR Financial Holdings, Inc., pursuant to which the Company had borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $200,000 as of December 31, 2020. The promissory note is non-interest bearing and will be payable promptly after consummation of this offering or the date on which we determine not to conduct this offering.
  Our stockholders prior to this offering have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 478,000 (or 523,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. We believe the purchase price of these private units will approximate the fair value of such private units when issued. However, if it is determined, at the time of issuance, that the fair value of such private units exceeds the purchase price, we would record compensation expense for the excess of the fair value of the private units on the day of issuance over the purchase price in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 718 — Compensation — Stock Compensation.
  45
    If needed to finance transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business or consummating an intended initial business combination, our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust account, to the extent available.
  We have also engaged Roth and Craig-Hallum as advisors in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement described under “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) — Business Combination Marketing Agreement.” We will pay Roth and Craig-Hallum a marketing fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to, in the aggregate, 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds from the full or partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, Roth and Craig-Hallum will not be entitled to such fee unless we consummate our initial business combination.
  Controls and Procedures
  We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
    · staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
    · reconciliation of accounts;
    · proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
    · evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
    · documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
    · documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
  Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
  Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion on such report when, or if, required by Section 404. The independent auditors may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting.
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
  The net proceeds of this offering, including amounts in the trust account, will be invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act and that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
  As of the date of this prospectus, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have conducted no operations to date.
  46
    JOBS Act
  On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and, as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.
  PROPOSED BUSINESS
  Introduction
  We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 13, 2019. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular geographic region or industry, although we intend to focus on the business services, consumer, healthcare, technology, wellness or sustainability sectors. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration or contemplation, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, contacted any prospective target business or had any discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction.
  Competitive Strengths
  Our management team is led by Byron Roth and partners of both Roth and Craig-Hallum who have over 100 years of combined operational, deal-making and investment experience. Our mission is to unlock value for our stockholders by identifying an acquisition target in the business services, consumer, healthcare, technology, wellness or sustainability sectors. Given the experience of our management team in these sectors, we believe we have significant resources to identify, diligence, and structure transactions that could be favorable for all stockholders.
  We believe our management team’s backgrounds, and Roth and Craig-Hallum’s unique sourcing infrastructure, provide us with the ability to identify transactions and target businesses that can thrive as publicly-traded companies. Additionally, over the course of their careers, the members of our management team and our affiliates have developed extensive networks of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will provide us with an important source of initial business combination opportunities. These networks have provided our management team and our affiliates with deal flow that has resulted in numerous transactions. We anticipate that target business candidates will also be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including family offices, investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banks, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises.
  Management team
  Our management team, through its members’ shared experience at Roth and Craig-Hallum, has a history of identifying targets and making strategic investments, acquisitions and raising capital. Roth and Craig-Hallum are small-cap growth investment banks with deep expertise and relationships in the business services, consumer, healthcare, technology, wellness and sustainability sectors. Since inception in 1992, Roth has raised over $50 billion in equity and debt offerings for small cap growth companies; Craig-Hallum has raised over $25 billion for small cap growth companies since its inception in 1997. Together, Roth and Craig-Hallum have approximately 40 senior research analysts covering approximately 550 companies, and over 40 sales people servicing approximately 1,000 institutional investors. Combined, the two firms have been underwriters on approximately 60 IPOs since the JOBS Act and completed over 400 M&A and advisory assignments. Roth and Craig-Hallum sponsor over 15,000 meetings with institutional clients annually.
  Byron Roth, our Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Roth Capital Partners, LLC, a privately-owned investment banking firm dedicated to the small-cap public market and headquartered in Newport Beach, California. In addition, Mr. Roth is a co-founder and General Partner of three private investment firms; Rx3, LLC, a $50 million influencer fund focused on consumer brands, Rivi Capital, LLC, a $35 million fund concentrated in the mining sector, and Aceras Life Sciences, LLC, an in-house incubator focused on funding the development of novel medical innovations. He also co-founded two long only asset management firms: Cortina Asset Management, LLC, which was recently acquired by Silvercrest Asset Management (NASDAQ: SAMG), and EAM Investors, LLC, with assets under management of approximately $1.5 billion.
   Gordon Roth, our Chief Financial Officer, is Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Roth Capital Partners, LLC. Prior to joining Roth, Mr. Roth was the Chairman and Founder of Roth and Company, P.C., a thirty-five person public accounting firm in Des Moines, Iowa. Mr. Roth brings over 40 years of accounting experience, as he spent thirteen years with Deloitte & Touche beginning in 1978, where he served as a Tax Partner and the Partner-in-Charge of the Des Moines office Tax Department. Mr. Roth is a CPA and a member of the America Institute of CPA’s. Mr. Roth has a B.A. from William Penn University, and a Master of Science in Accounting from Drake University.
  47
    Rick Hartfiel, our Co-President, is a Managing Partner and has been the Head of Investment Banking at Craig-Hallum since 2005. Mr. Hartfiel brings over 30 years of investment banking experience focused on emerging growth companies. Since joining Craig-Hallum in 2005, Mr. Hartfiel has managed over 300 equity offerings (IPOs, follow-on offerings, registered direct offerings and PIPEs) and M&A transactions. Prior to joining Craig-Hallum, Mr. Hartfiel has been an investment banker at Dain, Rauscher, Wessels and Credit Suisse First Boston. Mr. Hartfiel has a B.A. from Amherst College, and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
  John Lipman, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, is a Partner and Managing Director of Investment Banking at Craig-Hallum. Mr. Lipman joined Craig-Hallum in 2012 and has more than 15 years of investment banking experience advising growth companies in the healthcare, industrial and technology sectors. Mr. Lipman has completed over 125 equity, convertible and debt offerings and advisory assignments for growth companies, including over 75 since joining Craig-Hallum. Prior to joining Craig-Hallum, Mr. Lipman was a Managing Director at Rodman & Renshaw LLC, and Carter Securities LLC, a firm he founded that specialized in raising equity, equity-linked, and debt capital for growth companies. Mr. Lipman has over 20 years investing experience in small capitalization companies, and started his career in venture capital and investor relations.
  Aaron Gurewitz, our Co-President, is a Managing Director and has been Head of Equity Capital Markets at Roth since January 2001. Mr. Gurewitz brings over 25 years of investment banking experience focused on growth companies. Since joining Roth in 1999, Mr. Gurewitz has managed over 1,000 public offerings including, but not limited to, IPOs and follow-on offerings. Prior to joining Roth in 1999, Mr. Gurewitz was a Senior Vice President in the Investment Banking Group at Friedman Billings Ramsey from May 1998 to August 1999. From 1995 to April 1998, Mr. Gurewitz was a Vice President in the Corporate Finance Department at Roth, and from 1999 to 2001, Mr. Gurewitz served as a Managing Director in Roth’s Investment Banking Department. Mr. Gurewitz graduated cum laude from San Diego State University with a B.S. in Finance.
  Molly Hemmeter will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Since January of 2020, Ms. Hemmeter has been a member of the Board of Directors at Wilbur-Ellis Company Inc., a privately-owned family business based in San Francisco with a rich history spanning nearly 100 years. With revenues over $3.0 billion, Wilbur-Ellis is a leading international marketer, distributor and manufacturer of agricultural products, animal nutrients and specialty ingredients and chemicals. Also since January 2020, Ms. Hemmeter has served as Board Director for Flower One, a publicly traded company that specializes in large-scale cultivation and production of high-quality, low-cost cannabis with operations located in Nevada. Since October 2020, Ms. Hemmeter has served as Board Director of The Wine Group. The Wine Group is a privately-held, management-owned company that is the second largest wine producer in the US and third largest in the world. From 2009 to 2019, Ms. Hemmeter served as an Executive of Landec Corporation, a publicly-traded company in the health & wellness space with revenues of approximately $550M, and served as Chief Executive Officer, President & Director of Landec Corporation from 2015 to 2019. Ms. Hemmeter has also served on the Board of Directors for Windset Farms, one of the largest and most technologically advanced hydroponic growers in North America, from 2018 to 2019. Prior to Landec, from 2006 to 2009, Ms. Hemmeter served as VP of Global Marketing and Business Development at Ashland Chemical. Ms. Hemmeter has also been an executive in two software companies and held additional positions in strategy, marketing, engineering and operations in a number of other chemical, pharmaceutical and consumer product companies. Ms. Hemmeter holds a BES and MEng in Chemical Engineering from the University of Louisville and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
  Daniel M. Friedberg will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Mr. Friedberg has served as Chairman of the Board of Quest Resource Holding Corp. (NASDAQ: QRHC) since April 2019. Mr. Friedberg has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Hampstead Park Capital Management LLC, a private equity investment firm, since its founding in May 2016. Mr. Friedberg was Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of Sagard Capital Partners L.P., a private equity investment firm, from its founding in January 2005 until May 2016. In addition, from January 2005 to May 2016, Mr. Friedberg was also a Vice President of Power Corporation of Canada, a diversified international management holding company. Mr. Friedberg was with global strategy management consultants Bain & Company, as a consultant from 1987 to 1991 and then again as a Partner from 1997 to 2005. Mr. Friedberg started with Bain & Company in the London office in 1987, was a founder of the Toronto office in 1991, and a founder of the New York office in 2000, leading the Canadian and New York private equity businesses. From 1991 to 1997, Mr. Friedberg worked as Vice President of Strategy and Development for a U.S.-based global conglomerate and as an investment professional in a Connecticut-based boutique private equity firm. Mr. Friedberg currently serves on the Board at Buttonwood Networks and USA Field Hockey. Mr. Friedberg serves on the Board of Directors of Point Pickup Technologies and Triphammer Ventures LLC and has previously served on the Board of Directors at GP Strategies Corp. (GPX), InnerWorkings, Inc. (INWK), Performance Sports Group Ltd. (PSG) and X-Rite, Inc. (XRIT). Mr. Friedberg has a Master’s in Business Administration degree from the Johnson School at Cornell University’s College of Business, and a Bachelor of Science (Hons.) degree from the University of Manchester Institute of Science & Technology.
  Adam Rothstein will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Mr. Rothstein is a Co-Founder and General Partner in Disruptive Technology Partners, an Israeli technology-focused early-stage investment fund, and Disruptive Growth, a collection of late-stage investment vehicles focused on Israeli technology, which he co-founded in 2013 and 2014, respectively. Since 2014, Mr. Rothstein has been a Venture Partner in Subversive Capital, and the Managing Member of 1007 Mountain Drive Partners, LLC, which are both consulting and investment vehicles. Mr. Rothstein is also a sponsor and director of Subversive Capital Acquisition Corp., which is a special purpose acquisition company. Mr. Rothstein has over 20 years of investment experience, and currently sits on the boards of directors of several early- and mid-stage technology and media companies both in the US and in Israel and is on the Advisory Board for the Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado, Boulder. Mr. Rothstein graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania and has an (MPhil) in Finance from the University of Cambridge.
  James Gold will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Mr. Gold was President and Chief Merchandising Officer for The Neiman Marcus Group, LLC from October 2010 to March 2019. The Neiman Marcus Group is one of the premier retailers of luxury and fashion merchandise in the U.S. and has been operating for over a century. In his role as President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Mr. Gold oversaw strategy, merchandising, and management, and led the company’s integrated merchant and planning team for NM Stores, Bergdorf Goodman, and E-Commerce. Mr. Gold joined Neiman Marcus Stores in 1991. In 1997, after advancing through a series of buying and store positions, he was promoted to Vice President, Neiman Marcus Last Call Division. Subsequently, in 2000, he was named Vice President, Divisional Merchandise Manager, Women’s Designer Sportswear. In 2002, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager, Men’s, Cosmetics and Fragrances. He was appointed President and CEO of Bergdorf Goodman in 2004, a position he held until October 2010. In October 2010, Mr. Gold was appointed President and Chief Merchandising Officer for the Neiman Marcus Group. Mr. Gold currently serves as Interim CEO of Moda Operandi, an online luxury fashion retailer, and a member of the boards of Joor Software, Vuori Clothing and World of Children. Additionally he serves as a Specialist Advisor to Aequi Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company. Mr. Gold holds a B.A. from Tulane University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
  We will establish an advisory board at the closing of this offering, the role and functions of which will be determined by our Board of Directors from time to time. The initial member at the closing of this offering will be Sam Chawla.
  Sam Chawla has been a Portfolio Manager of Perceptive Advisors LLC, an investment fund focused on the healthcare sector, since 2013. Prior to joining Perceptive Advisors in 2013, Mr. Chawla was a Managing Director at UBS in the Global Healthcare Group. Mr. Chawla’s investment banking experience centered on strategic advisory work for both public and private healthcare companies. Prior to joining UBS in September 2010, Mr. Chawla was a Director (from January 2009 to September 2010) and a Vice President (from July 2007 to January 2009) in the Healthcare Investment Banking Group of Credit Suisse, which Mr. Chawla originally joined as an investment banker in 2002. Mr. Chawla also worked at Bloomberg L.P. and Pelican Life Sciences. Mr. Chawla received an M.B.A. from Georgetown University and a B.A. in Economics from Johns Hopkins University.
  The past performance of Roth and Craig-Hallum, our management team and affiliates, or businesses with which they are or have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record or past performance of our management team or their affiliates or the businesses with which they are or have been associated as indicative of our future performance.
  48
    About Roth Capital Partners
  Roth provides investment banking and research and trading services that include capital raising, mergers and acquisitions, research coverage, sales/trading, market making, corporate access conferences and more. Roth currently provides research coverage on approximately 370 public companies. Under Mr. Byron Roth’s leadership, since 1992, Roth has raised over $50 billion for small cap companies and completed over 335 advisory assignments.
  About Craig-Hallum
  Craig-Hallum is a privately-owned investment banking firm dedicated to the small-cap public market and headquartered in Minneapolis, MN. Founded in 1997, Craig-Hallum provides high-quality research coverage on approximately 285 public companies across a variety of sectors including technology, healthcare, diversified industrials, consumer and energy verticals. Since 2013, Craig-Hallum has completed over 300 equity offerings and advisory assignments for its clients.
  Business Strategy
  Our management team’s objective is to generate attractive returns and create value for our stockholders by applying a disciplined strategy of identifying attractive investment opportunities that could benefit from the addition of capital, management expertise and strategic insight.
  We will leverage our management team’s broad network of proprietary and public transaction sources to find an opportunity where their expertise could effect a positive transformation of the existing business to improve the overall value proposition while maximizing shareholder value.
  Our management team believes it can identify companies that are under-performing their potential due to a temporary period of dislocation in the markets in which they operate, inefficient capital allocations, over-levered capital structures, excessive cost structures, incomplete management teams and/or inappropriate business strategies. In order to increase shareholder value, we will seek to identify these dislocations and implement a proven course correction plan where management agreements are put in place, debt and equity structures are realigned and costs are reduced.
  We intend to source initial business combination opportunities through the extensive networks of our management team and their affiliates. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships, including seasoned executives and operators, private equity investors, lenders, attorneys and family offices, that we believe will provide our management team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities.
  We believe successful special purpose acquisition companies require a differentiated story to make a business combination attractive for potential sellers of businesses who become partners in a public markets context. We believe that our team will be an attractive partner given our proven track record of both operational and financial success in small and medium sized public companies and our deep understanding of how to navigate complicated shareholder and capital markets dynamics in a small and mid-cap context.
  49
    Business Combination Criteria
  Consistent with this strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. While we intend to utilize these criteria in evaluating business combination opportunities, we expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity.
  Middle-Market Business. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses with an enterprise value of approximately $400 million to $1 billion, determined in the sole discretion of our officers and directors according to reasonable accepted valuation standards and methodologies. We believe that middle-market segment provides the greatest number of opportunities for investment and where we believe we have the strongest network to identify opportunities.
  Established Businesses. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a history of, or potential for, strong, stable cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams.
  Complex Proprietary Opportunities. Our management team has a proven track record of identifying companies that are under-performing their potential due to a temporary period of dislocation in the markets in which they operate, inefficient capital allocations, over-levered capital structures and/or excessive cost structures. We expect our management team’s focus on complex situations that require creative solutions to lead to less competitive transactions where we can combine with attractive businesses at reasonable valuations. While our management team is focused on complex situations as a means to find attractively-priced transactions, we do not intend to pursue turnarounds or situations that do not lend themselves to the public markets.
  Growth opportunities through capital investment. We intend to seek candidates who will benefit from additional capital investment through a business combination.
  Strong management teams with a proven track record. We intend to seek candidates who have strong management teams with a proven track record of driving revenue growth, enhancing profitability and generating strong free cash flow. We will seek to partner with potential target’s management team and expect that the operating and financial abilities of our management and board will help potential target company to unlock opportunities for future growth and enhanced profitability.
  Opportunities for Add-On Acquisitions. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that we can grow both organically and through acquisitions. In addition, we believe that our ability to source proprietary opportunities and execute such transactions will help the business we acquire grow through acquisition, and thus serve as a platform for further add-on acquisitions.
  Benefit from Being a Public Company. We intend to pursue a business combination with a company that we believe will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company.
  50
    Risk-Adjusted Return. We intend to acquire one or more companies that we believe can offer attractive risk-adjusted return on investments for our stockholders.
  These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
  In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC.
  Our Business Combination Process
  In evaluating prospective business combinations, we expect to conduct a due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate.
  We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with Roth or Craig-Hallum, our initial stockholders, officers or directors or their respective affiliates. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm that regularly provides fairness opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view.
  Roth and Craig-Hallum and each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which might be suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. For example, Byron Roth, Gordon Roth and Aaron Gurewitz are affiliated with Roth, and Rick Hartfiel and John Lipman are affiliated with Craig-Hallum, our lead book-running managing underwriters. Such officers and directors owe a pre-existing fiduciary duty to Roth or Craig-Hallum, as applicable, meaning that they will present opportunities to Roth or Craig-Hallum, or their respective clients, prior to presenting them to us, if, for example, a potential target company is open to either raising funds in an offering or engaging in a transaction with a SPAC. In addition, each of Byron Roth, Gordon Roth, Aaron Gurewitz, John Lipman, Rick Hartfiel, Molly Hemmeter, Daniel M. Friedberg, and Adam Rothstein are officers and directors of each of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co., both of which are special purpose acquisition companies. Roth CH Acquisition I Co. has entered into an agreement and plan of merger with PureCycle Technologies LLC pursuant to which Roth CH Acquisition I Co. will acquire PureCycle Technologies LLC. If the business combination between Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and PureCycle is not consummated for any reason, Roth CH Acquisition I Co. will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by it. Roth CH Acquisition II Co. has not yet entered into a definitive agreement for an initial business combination, and is still searching for target businesses with which to consummate such a transaction. Accordingly, Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by it. Furthermore, James Gold is a Specialist Advisor of Aequi Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, which will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by Mr. Gold. These affiliations may limit the number of potential targets they present to us for purposes of completing a business combination.
  We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of Roth and Craig-Hallum and our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. We may, at our option, pursue an acquisition opportunity with an entity to which Roth or Craig-Hallum, investment funds advised by Roth or Craig-Hallum, or an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. The determination of whether an opportunity has been expressly offered to a director of officer solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company will made based on express statements by the person offering the opportunity, and if a director or officer is unsure of whether an opportunity was offered in such capacity, he or she shall seek guidance on such determination from the audit committee of our Board of Directors.
  51
    We will have until 24 months from the consummation of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem or purchase 100% of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the public warrants will expire and will be worthless.
  These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
  Effecting a Business Combination
  General
  We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private units, our shares, new debt, or a combination of these, as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to consummate our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth (such as a company that has begun operations but is not yet at the stage of commercial manufacturing and sales), which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
  If our initial business combination is paid for using shares or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the purchase price in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our common stock, we may apply the cash released to us from the trust account that is not applied to the purchase price for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of acquired businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in consummating our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
  52
    We have not identified any acquisition targets. From the period prior to our formation through the date of this prospectus, there have been no communications, evaluations or discussions between any of our officers, directors or our initial stockholders and any of their contacts or relationships regarding a potential initial business combination. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate. Subject to the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, we have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, this assessment may not result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.
  We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would consummate such financing only simultaneously with the consummation of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or Nasdaq, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.
  Sources of Target Businesses
  We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity groups, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources also may introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder’s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee may be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. Although some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the acquired business following our initial business combination, the presence or absence of any such arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.
   53
    We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view.
  Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination
  Subject to our management team’s fiduciary obligations and the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses. In any case, we will only consummate an initial business combination in which we become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes as discussed below) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or to the extent permitted by law we may acquire interests in a variable interest entity, in which we may have less than a majority of the voting rights in such entity, but in which we are the primary beneficiary. There is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth (such as a company that has begun operations but is not yet at the stage of commercial manufacturing and sales), we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
  In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information which will be made available to us.
  The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We will not pay any finders or consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination.
  54
     Fair Market Value of Target Business or Businesses
  The target business or businesses or assets with which we effect our initial business combination must have a collective fair market value equal to at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination. If we acquire less than 100% of one or more target businesses in our initial business combination, the aggregate fair market value of the portion or portions we acquire must equal at least 80% of the value of the trust account at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination. However, we will always acquire at least a controlling interest in a target business. The fair market value of a portion of a target business or assets will likely be calculated by multiplying the fair market value of the entire business by the percentage of the target we acquire. We may seek to consummate our initial business combination with an initial target business or businesses with a collective fair market value in excess of the balance in the trust account. If we are no longer listed on a national exchange, we will not be required to satisfy the 80% test.
  The fair market value of a target business or businesses or assets will be determined by our Board of Directors based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential gross margins, the values of comparable businesses, earnings and cash flow, book value, enterprise value and, where appropriate, upon the advice of appraisers or other professional consultants. Investors will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of a particular target business. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine that the target business or assets has a sufficient fair market value to meet the threshold criterion, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we seek to acquire with respect to the satisfaction of such criterion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless we consummate a business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we seek to acquire, that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders.
  Lack of Business Diversification
  For an indefinite period of time after consummation of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
    · subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and
    · cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
  55
     Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team
  Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to be correct. The future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. Consequently, members of our management team may not become a part of the target’s management team, and the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Further, it is also not certain whether one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination. Moreover, members of our management team may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Our key personnel may not remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
  Following our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We may not have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
  Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination
  In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of how or whether they vote on the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial stockholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any founder shares, shares underlying the private units and any public shares purchased in or after this offering held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. If we so choose and are legally permitted to do so, we have the flexibility to avoid a stockholder vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. Whether we seek stockholder approval or engage in a tender offering, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
  56
     We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we are not subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares converted or sold to us), and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to wait 24 months from the closing of this offering in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account.
  Our initial stockholders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to convert any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any shares of common stock in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. As a result, if we sought stockholder approval of a proposed transaction, we would need only 579,001 of our public shares (or approximately 3.9% of our public shares) to be voted in favor of the transaction in order to have such transaction approved (assuming that only a quorum was present at the meeting, that the over-allotment option is not exercised and that the initial stockholders do not purchase any units in this offering or units or shares in the after-market).
  None of our officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or shares of common stock in this offering or from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination or that they wish to convert their shares, our officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of conversions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial stockholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock.
  Conversion/Tender Rights
  At any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public stockholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of how or whether they vote on the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial stockholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any founder shares, shares underlying the private units and any public shares purchased in or after this offering held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination, a holder will always have the ability to vote against a proposed business combination and not seek conversion of his, her or its shares.
  Alternatively, if we engage in a tender offer, each public stockholder will be provided the opportunity to sell his, her or its public shares to us in such tender offer. The tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their public shares to us in the tender offer or remain an investor in our company.
  Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to this offering or purchased by them in this offering or in the aftermarket.
  We may also require public stockholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time our proxy statement is mailed through the vote on the business combination to deliver his, her or its shares if he, she or it wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. Under our bylaws, we are required to provide at least 10 days’ advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. As a result, if we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares of common stock into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to. The conversion rights will likely include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares.
  57
     There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45, and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise conversion rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders.
  Any request to convert or tender such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of public shares delivered his, her or its certificate in connection with an election of their conversion or tender and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration of the tender offer not to elect to exercise such rights, he, she or it may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
  If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion or tender rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders.
  Liquidation of Trust Account if No Business Combination
  If we do not complete a business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
  Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any redemptions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a redemption is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
  58
     Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of this offering and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the above procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.
  Because we will not be complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to seeking to complete an initial business combination, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses.
  We will seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after this offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. The underwriters in this offering will execute such a waiver agreement. As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee that vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. In the event that a potential contracted party was to refuse to execute such a waiver, we will execute an agreement with that entity only if our management first determines that we would be unable to obtain, on a reasonable basis, substantially similar services or opportunities from another entity willing to execute such a waiver. Examples of instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver would be the engagement of a third party consultant who cannot sign such an agreement due to regulatory restrictions, such as our auditors who are unable to sign due to independence requirements, or whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver, or a situation in which management does not believe it would be able to find a provider of required services willing to provide the waiver. There is also no guarantee that, even if third parties execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Certain of our initial stockholders have agreed that they will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our initial stockholders will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our initial stockholders have sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations. We have not asked our initial stockholders to reserve for such obligations. We therefore cannot assure you that they will be able to satisfy their indemnification obligations if they are required to do so.
  If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination and are forced to redeem 100% of our outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, we anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after such date and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate the redemption of our public shares. Our insiders have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to any shares owned by them. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from interest accrued in the trust account (up to $50,000). If such funds are insufficient, our insiders have agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately $25,000) and have agreed not to seek repayment of such expenses. Each holder of public shares will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders.
  Our public stockholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete our initial business combination in the required time period or if the stockholders seek to have us convert their respective shares of common stock upon a business combination which is actually completed by us. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
  59
     If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per share redemption or conversion amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00.
  If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons.
  Certificate of Incorporation
  Our certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder’s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. Our insiders have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect to any insider shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that:
    · prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their shares of common stock, regardless of how or whether they vote on the proposed business combination, into a portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, in each case subject to the limitations described herein;
    · we will consummate our initial business combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon the closing of the business combination and if a stockholder vote is held, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination;
    · if our initial business combination is not consummated within 24 months of the closing of this offering, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account to all of our public holders of shares of common stock; and
    · prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination.
  Potential Revisions to Agreements with Insiders
  Each of our insiders has entered into letter agreements with us pursuant to which each of them has agreed to do certain things relating to us and our activities prior to a business combination. We could seek to amend these letter agreements without the approval of stockholders, although we have no intention to do so. In particular:
    · Restrictions relating to liquidating the trust account if we failed to consummate a business combination in the time-frames specified above could be amended, but only if we allowed all stockholders to redeem their shares in connection with such amendment;
  60
       · Restrictions relating to our insiders being required to vote in favor of a business combination or against any amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow our insiders to vote on a transaction as they wished;
    · The requirement of members of the management team to remain our officer or director until the closing of a business combination could be amended to allow persons to resign from their positions with us if, for example, the current management team was having difficulty locating a target business and another management team had a potential target business;
    · The restrictions on transfer of our securities could be amended to allow transfer to third parties who were not members of our original management team;
    · The obligation of our management team to not propose amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow them to propose such changes to our stockholders;
    · The obligation of insiders to not receive any compensation in connection with a business combination could be modified in order to allow them to receive such compensation; and
    · The requirement to obtain a valuation for any target business affiliated with our insiders could be waived, in the event it was too expensive to obtain one.
  Except as specified above, stockholders would not be required to be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes. Such changes could result in:
    · Our having an extended period of time to consummate a business combination (although with less in trust as a certain number of our stockholders would certainly redeem their shares in connection with any such extension);
    · Our insiders being able to vote against a business combination or in favor of changes to our organizational documents;
    · Our operations being controlled by a new management team that our stockholders did not elect to invest with;
    · Our insiders receiving compensation in connection with a business combination; and
    · Our insiders closing a transaction with one of their affiliates without receiving an independent valuation of such business.
  We will not agree to any such changes unless we believed that such changes were in the best interests of our stockholders (for example, if we believed such a modification were necessary to complete a business combination). Each of our officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to us requiring that they act in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders.
  Competition
  In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights and the number of our outstanding warrants and the future dilution they potentially represent may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination.
  Facilities
  We currently maintain our executive offices at 888 San Clemente Drive, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Roth is making this space available to us free of charge. We consider our office space adequate for our current operations.
  61
    Employees
  We currently have five executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
  Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements
  We have registered our units, shares of common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
  We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, the financial information included in the proxy solicitation materials will need to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. The financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for the Form 8-K announcing the closing of an initial business combination, which would need to be filed within four business days thereafter. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial information. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business.
  We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act beginning for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
  We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act and will remain such for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period or our total revenues exceed $1.07 billion or the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
  Legal Proceedings
  There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such, and we and our officers and directors have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus.
  Comparison to Offerings of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419
  The following table compares and contrasts the terms of our offering and the terms of an offering of blank check companies under Rule 419 promulgated by the SEC assuming that the gross proceeds, underwriting discounts and underwriting expenses for the Rule 419 offering are the same as this offering and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the terms of a Rule 419 offering will apply to this offering because we will be listed on a national securities exchange, we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon the consummation of this offering, and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact.
      Terms of the Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds   $150,000,000 of the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private units will be deposited into a trust account in the United States, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.   $132,300,000 of the offering proceeds would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
  62
        Terms of the Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Investment of net proceeds   The $150,000,000 of the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private units held in trust will only be invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act and that invest solely in United States government treasuries.   Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
          Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business   The initial target business that we acquire must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in our trust account net of taxes payable at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination.   We would be restricted from acquiring a target business unless the fair value of such business or net assets to be acquired represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
          Trading of securities issued   The units may commence trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The shares of common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin to trade separately on the 90th day after the date of this prospectus unless Roth and Craig-Hallum inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading (based upon its assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets and small capitalization and blank check companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular), provided we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the proceeds of this offering.   No trading of the units or the underlying securities would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
          Exercise of the warrants   The warrants cannot be exercised until the completion of a business combination and, accordingly, will be exercised only after the trust account has been terminated and distributed.   The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account.
          Election to remain an investor  
We will either (1) give our stockholders the opportunity to vote on the business combination or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us in a tender offer for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less taxes. If we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination, we will send each stockholder a proxy statement containing information required by the SEC. Under our bylaws, we must provide at least 10 days’ advance notice of any meeting of stockholders. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether to exercise their rights to convert their shares into cash at such a meeting or to remain an investor in our company. Alternatively, if we do not hold a meeting and instead conduct a tender offer, we will conduct such tender offer in accordance with the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as we would have included in a proxy statement. The tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their shares to us in the tender offer or remain an investor in our company.
  A prospectus containing information required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company, in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment, to decide whether he or she elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of his or her investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account would automatically be returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all of the deposited funds in the escrow account must be returned to all investors and none of the securities will be issued.
   63
         Terms of the Offering    Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering   
Business combination deadline   Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, if we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the consummation of this offering, it will trigger our automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation.   If an acquisition has not been consummated within 18 months after the effective date of the initial registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account would be returned to investors.
          Interest earned on the funds in the trust account   There can be released to us, from time to time, any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we may need to pay our tax obligations. The remaining interest earned on the funds in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our entry into liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.   All interest earned on the funds in the trust account will be held in trust for the benefit of public stockholders until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
          Release of funds   Except for interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination (in which case, the proceeds released to us will be net of the funds used to pay converting or tendering stockholders, as the trustee will directly send the appropriate portion of the amount held in trust to the converting or tendering stockholders at the time of the business combination) and the liquidation of our trust account upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.   The proceeds held in the escrow account would not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
   64
    MANAGEMENT
  Directors and Executive Officers
   Our current directors and executive officers are as follows:
  Name   Age     Position
Byron Roth     58     Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
              Gordon Roth     66     Chief Financial Officer
              Rick Hartfiel     57     Co-President
              John Lipman     44     Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director
              Aaron Gurewitz     52     Co-President
              Molly Hemmeter     54     Director Nominee
              Daniel M. Friedberg     59     Director Nominee
              Adam Rothstein     49     Director Nominee
              James Gold     56     Director Nominee
  Byron Roth, 58, served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since the company’s inception in February 2019, and became our Co-Chief Executive Officer in February 2021. Mr. Roth has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Roth since 1998. Under his management the firm has helped raise over $50 billion for small-cap companies, as well as advising on many merger and acquisition transactions. Mr. Roth is a co-founder and General Partner of three private investment firms; Rx3, LLC, a $50 million influencer fund focused on consumer brands, Rivi Capital, LLC, a $35 million fund concentrated in the mining sector, and Aceras Life Sciences, LLC, an in-house incubator focused on funding the development of novel medical innovations. He also co-founded two long only asset management firms: Cortina Asset Management, LLC, which was recently acquired by Silvercrest Asset Management (NASDAQ: SAMG), and EAM Investors, LLC, with assets under management of approximately $1.5 billion. Mr. Roth is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of each of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. (NASDAQ: ROCH) and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. (NASDAQ: ROCC), both of which are special purpose acquisition companies. Roth CH Acquisition I Co. has entered into an agreement and plan of merger with PureCycle Technologies LLC pursuant to which Roth CH Acquisition I Co. will acquire PureCycle Technologies LLC. Roth CH Acquisition II Co. is still searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination. Mr. Roth is a member of the Advisory Council, Executive Committee, and serves as the Chairman on the Nominating Committee for the Cornell SC Johnson College of Business. He is a founding member of the University of San Diego Executive Cabinet for the Athletic Department, and former member of the Board of Trustees where he served on the Investment Committee for the university’s endowment and athletic department for nine years. Mr. Roth also sits on the Executive Board of SMU’s Cox School of Business. Mr. Roth serves as a National Trustee for the Boys and Girls Club of America, and served as the Co-Chair for the 2019 Boys and Girls Club Pacific Youth of the Year Competition. He also sits on the Board of Directors for the Lott IMPACT Foundation, whose Lott IMPACT Trophy is presented annually to the college football defensive IMPACT player of the year for their contribution on and off the field. Mr. Roth was the honoree at the Challenged Athletes Foundation (CAF) 2015 Celebration of Heroes, Heart and Hope Gala and the 2018 Athletes First Classic Golden Heart Award benefitting the Orangewood Foundation. Mr. Roth earned his B.B.A, from the University of San Diego in 1985 and his MBA from the Cornell SC Johnson College of Business in 1987. Mr. Byron Roth is the brother of Mr. Gordon Roth. We believe Mr. Roth is well-qualified to serve as a director due to his business experience and contacts and relationships.
  Gordon Roth, 66, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since the company’s inception in February 2019. Mr. Roth has been the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Roth since 2000. From 1990 to 2000, Mr. Roth was the Chairman and Founder of Roth and Company, P.C., a thirty-five person public accounting firm in Des Moines, Iowa. Prior to that Mr. Roth spent thirteen years with Deloitte & Touche, most recently serving as a Tax Partner and the Partner-in-Charge of the Des Moines office Tax Department. Mr. Roth is a CPA and a member of the American Institute of CPA’s. Mr. Roth is the Chief Financial Officer of each of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. (NASDAQ: ROCH) and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. (NASDAQ: ROCC). Mr. Roth currently serves on the Board of Trustees of JSerra Catholic High School, and is the Chair of the Budget & Finance Committee. Mr. Roth has served on several other non-profit boards in the past including Boys & Girls Club, Special Olympics, Camp Fire and St Anne School. Mr. Roth was also a founding partner of the Iowa Barnstormers of the Arena Football League. Mr. Roth earned his B.A. from William Penn University in 1976, where he also served as a member of their Board of Trustees and was inducted into their Athletic Hall of Fame. Mr. Roth also earned a Master of Science in Accounting from Drake University in 1977. Mr. Gordon Roth is the brother of Mr. Byron Roth.
  65
     Rick Hartfiel, 57, has served as our Co-President since August 2020. Mr. Hartfiel is a Managing Partner and has been the Head of Investment Banking at Craig-Hallum since 2005. Mr. Hartfiel brings over 30 years of investment banking experience focused on emerging growth companies. Since joining Craig-Hallum in 2005, Mr. Hartfiel has managed over 300 equity offerings (IPOs, follow-on offerings, registered direct offerings and PIPEs) and M&A transactions. Prior to joining Craig-Hallum, Mr. Hartfiel has been an investment banker at Dain, Rauscher, Wessels and Credit Suisse First Boston. Mr. Hartfiel is the Co-President of each of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. (NASDAQ: ROCH) and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. (NASDAQ: ROCC). Mr. Hartfiel has a B.A. from Amherst College, and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
  John Lipman, 44, served as our Chief Operating Officer and as a member of our Board of Directors since August 2020, and became our Co-Chief Executive Officer in February 2021. Mr. Lipman is a Partner and Managing Director of Investment Banking at Craig-Hallum. Mr. Lipman joined Craig-Hallum in 2012 and has more than 15 years of investment banking experience advising growth companies in the healthcare, industrial, and technology sectors. Mr. Lipman has completed over 125 equity, convertible, and debt offerings and advisory assignments for growth companies - including over 75 since joining Craig-Hallum. Prior to joining Craig-Hallum, Mr. Lipman was a Managing Director at Rodman & Renshaw LLC from 2011 to 2012, a Managing Director at Hudson Securities, Inc. from 2010 to 2011, and Carter Securities LLC, a firm he founded that specialized in raising equity, equity-linked, and debt capital for growth companies, from 2005 to 2009. Mr. Lipman is the Chief Operating Officer and director of each of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. (NASDAQ: ROCH) and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. (NASDAQ: ROCC). Mr. Lipman earned his B.A. in Economics in 1999 from Rollins College in Winter Park, FL. We believe Mr. Lipman is well-qualified to serve as a director due to his business experience and contacts and relationships.
  Aaron Gurewitz, 52, has served as our Co-President since August 2020. Mr. Gurewitz has been a Managing Director and the Head of Roth’s Equity Capital Markets Department since January 2001. Mr. Gurewitz brings over 25 years of investment banking experience focused on growth companies. Since joining Roth in 1999, Mr. Gurewitz has managed over 1,000 public offerings including, but not limited to, IPOs and follow-on offerings. Prior to joining Roth in 1999, Mr. Gurewitz was a Senior Vice President in the Investment Banking Group at Friedman Billings Ramsey from May 1998 to August 1999. From 1995 to April 1998, Mr. Gurewitz was a Vice President in the Corporate Finance Department at Roth, and from 1999 to 2001, Mr. Gurewitz served as a Managing Director in Roth’s Investment Banking Department. Mr. Gurewitz is the Co-President of each of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. (NASDAQ: ROCH) and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. (NASDAQ: ROCC). Mr. Gurewitz graduated cum laude from San Diego State University with a B.S. in Finance.
  66
    Molly Hemmeter, 54, will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Ms. Hemmeter has served as a member of each of the board of directors of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. (NASDAQ: ROCH) since February 2020 and of Roth CH Acquisition II Co. (NASDAQ: ROCC) since December 2020. Since January of 2020, Ms. Hemmeter has been a member of the Board of Directors at Wilbur-Ellis Company Inc., a privately-owned family business based in San Francisco with a rich history spanning nearly 100 years. With revenues over $3.0 billion, Wilbur-Ellis is a leading international marketer, distributor and manufacturer of agricultural products, animal nutrients and specialty ingredients and chemicals. Also since January 2020, Ms. Hemmeter has served as Board Director for Flower One, a publicly traded company that specializes in large-scale cultivation and production of high-quality, low-cost cannabis with operations located in Nevada. Since October 2020, Ms. Hemmeter has served as Board Director of The Wine Group. The Wine Group is a privately-held, management-owned company that is the second largest wine producer in the US and third largest in the world. From 2009 to 2019, Ms. Hemmeter served as an Executive of Landec Corporation, a publicly-traded company in the health & wellness space with revenues of approximately $550M, and served as Chief Executive Officer, President & Director of Landec Corporation from 2015 to 2019. Ms. Hemmeter has also served on the Board of Directors for Windset Farms, one of the largest and most technologically advanced hydroponic growers in North America, from 2018 to 2019. Prior to Landec, from 2006 to 2009, Ms. Hemmeter served as VP of Global Marketing and Business Development at Ashland Chemical. Ms. Hemmeter has also been an executive in two software companies and held additional positions in strategy, marketing, engineering and operations in a number of other chemical, pharmaceutical and consumer product companies. Ms. Hemmeter holds a BES and MEng in Chemical Engineering from the University of Louisville and an MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe Ms. Hemmeter is well-qualified to serve as a director due to her experience as CEO and Director of a publicly traded company and the depth and breadth of Ms. Hemmeter’s operating and transactional experience in a wide variety of industries with both private and public companies at different stages of maturity.
  Daniel M. Friedberg, 59, will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Mr. Friedberg has served as a member of each of the board of directors of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. (NASDAQ: ROCH) since February 2020 and of Roth CH Acquisition II Co. (NASDAQ: ROCC) since December 2020. Mr. Friedberg has served as Chairman of the Board of Quest Resource Holding Corp. (NASDAQ: QRHC) since April 2019. Mr. Friedberg has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Hampstead Park Capital Management LLC, a private equity investment firm, since its founding in May 2016. Mr. Friedberg was Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of Sagard Capital Partners L.P., a private equity investment firm, from its founding in January 2005 until May 2016. In addition, from January 2005 to May 2016, Mr. Friedberg was also a Vice President of Power Corporation of Canada, a diversified international management holding company. Mr. Friedberg was with global strategy management consultants Bain & Company, as a consultant from 1987 to 1991 and then again as a Partner from 1997 to 2005. Mr. Friedberg started with Bain & Company in the London office in 1987, was a founder of the Toronto office in 1991, and a founder of the New York office in 2000, leading the Canadian and New York private equity businesses. From 1991 to 1997, Mr. Friedberg worked as Vice President of Strategy and Development for a U.S.-based global conglomerate and as an investment professional in a Connecticut-based boutique private equity firm. Mr. Friedberg currently serves on the Board at Buttonwood Networks and USA Field Hockey. Mr. Friedberg serves on the Board of Directors of Point Pickup Technologies and Triphammer Ventures LLC and has previously served on the Board of Directors at GP Strategies Corp. (GPX), InnerWorkings, Inc. (INWK), Performance Sports Group Ltd. (PSG) and X-Rite, Inc. (XRIT). Mr. Friedberg has a Master’s in Business Administration degree from the Johnson School at Cornell University’s College of Business, and a Bachelor of Science (Hons.) degree from the University of Manchester Institute of Science & Technology. We believe that Mr. Friedberg’s experience as the Chief Executive Officer of two investment firms, his experience as an executive with a leading global management consulting firm, his extensive experience in investing in private and public companies, and his service on multiple boards of directors provide him with knowledge and experience with respect to organizational, financial, operational, M&A, and strategic planning matters and provide the requisite qualifications, skills, perspectives, and experiences that make him well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors.
  Adam Rothstein, 49, will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Mr. Rothstein has served as a member of each of the board of directors of Roth CH Acquisition I Co. (NASDAQ: ROCH) since February 2020 and of Roth CH Acquisition II Co. (NASDAQ: ROCC) since December 2020. Mr. Rothstein is a Co-Founder and General Partner in Disruptive Technology Partners, an Israeli technology-focused early-stage investment fund, and Disruptive Growth, a collection of late-stage investment vehicles focused on Israeli technology, which he co-founded in 2013 and 2014, respectively. Since 2014, Mr. Rothstein has been a Venture Partner in Subversive Capital, and the Managing Member of 1007 Mountain Drive Partners, LLC, which are both consulting and investment vehicles. Mr. Rothstein is also a sponsor and director of Subversive Capital Acquisition Corp., which is a special purpose acquisition company. Mr. Rothstein has over 20 years of investment experience, and currently sits on the boards of directors of several early- and mid-stage technology and media companies both in the US and in Israel and is on the Advisory Board for the Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado, Boulder. Mr. Rothstein graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania and has an (MPhil) in Finance from the University of Cambridge. We believe Mr. Rothstein is well-qualified to serve as a director due to his two decades of investment experience in the public and private markets both domestically and internationally.
  James Gold, 56, will become a member our Board of Directors at the closing of this offering. Mr. Gold was President and Chief Merchandising Officer for The Neiman Marcus Group, LLC from October 2010 to March 2019. The Neiman Marcus Group is one of the premier retailers of luxury and fashion merchandise in the U.S. and has been operating for over a century. In his role as President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Mr. Gold oversaw strategy, merchandising, and management, and led the company’s integrated merchant and planning team for NM Stores, Bergdorf Goodman, and E-Commerce. Mr. Gold joined Neiman Marcus Stores in 1991. In 1997, after advancing through a series of buying and store positions, he was promoted to Vice President, Neiman Marcus Last Call Division. Subsequently, in 2000, he was named Vice President, Divisional Merchandise Manager, Women’s Designer Sportswear. In 2002, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager, Men’s, Cosmetics and Fragrances. He was appointed President and CEO of Bergdorf Goodman in 2004, a position he held until October 2010. In October 2010, Mr. Gold was appointed President and Chief Merchandising Officer for the Neiman Marcus Group. Mr. Gold has served as Interim CEO of Moda Operandi, an online luxury fashion retailer, since January 2021. Mr. Gold has served as a member of the boards of Joor Software since June 2019 and Vuori Clothing since September 2019. Mr. Gold also serves on the board of directors of World of Children. Since December 2020, Mr. Gold has served as a Specialist Advisor to Aequi Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: ARBG), a special purpose acquisition company searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination. Mr. Gold holds a B.A. from Tulane University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We believe Mr. Gold is well-qualified to serve as a director due to his business experience and contacts and relationships.
  67
    Executive Compensation
  No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses, but they are subject to review of our Board of Directors and audit committee.
  Director Independence
  Nasdaq requires that a majority of our Board must be composed of “independent directors,” which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
  Upon consummation of this offering, Molly Hemmeter, Daniel M. Friedberg, Adam Rothstein, and James Gold will be our independent directors. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Any affiliated transactions will be on terms that our Board believes are no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties.
  Audit Committee
  Effective as of the date of this prospectus, we have established an audit committee of the Board of Directors, which will consist of Molly Hemmeter, Daniel M. Friedberg, and Adam Rothstein, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. Daniel M. Friedberg will be the Chairperson of the audit committee. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to:
    · reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K;
    · discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements;
    · discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies;
    · monitoring the independence of the independent auditor;
    · verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;
    · reviewing and approving all related-party transactions;
    · inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
    · pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;
    · appointing or replacing the independent auditor;
    · determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;
    · establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and
    · approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses.
  68
    Financial Experts on Audit Committee
  Pursuant to Nasdaq rules, the audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement.
  In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s financial sophistication. The Board of Directors has determined that Daniel M. Friedberg qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined under rules and regulations of Nasdaq and the SEC.
  Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
  Effective as of the date of this prospectus, we have established a corporate governance and nominating committee of the Board of Directors, which will consist of Molly Hemmeter, Daniel M. Friedberg, and Adam Rothstein, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. Adam Rothstein will be the Chairperson of the corporate governance and nominating committee. The corporate governance and nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our Board of Directors. The corporate governance and nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others.
  Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees
  The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated:
    · should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;
    · should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the Board of Directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and
    · should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders.
  The corporate governance and nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the Board of Directors. The corporate governance and nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The corporate governance and nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons.
  Compensation Committee
  Effective as of the date of this prospectus, we have establish a compensation committee of the Board of Directors, which will consist of Molly Hemmeter, Daniel M. Friedberg, and Adam Rothstein, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. Molly Hemmeter will be the Chairperson of the compensation committee. The compensation committee’s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to:
    · reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer’s based on such evaluation;
  69
       · reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers;
    · reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;
    · implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
    · assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
    · approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;
    · if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
    · reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.
  Code of Ethics
  Upon consummation of this offering, we will adopt a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business.
  Conflicts of Interest
  Potential investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest:
    · None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities.
    · In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and if there is a conflict of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented, any fiduciary or contractual obligation will be honored before we are presented with the opportunity.
    · Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company.
    · The insider shares, warrants underlying the private units and shares underlying the private units owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if a business combination is successfully completed and subject to certain other limitations. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive distributions from the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares, warrants underlying the private units and shares underlying the private units if we do not complete a business combination. In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us after this offering and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, the personal and financial interests of our directors and executive officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, completing a business combination in a timely manner and securing the release of their shares.
        · We have also engaged Roth and Craig-Hallum as advisors in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement described under “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) — Business Combination Marketing Agreement.” We will pay Roth and Craig-Hallum a marketing fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to, in the aggregate, 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds from the full or partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, Roth and Craig-Hallum will not be entitled to such fee unless we consummate our initial business combination.
  70
     In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:
    · the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;
    · the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and
    · it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.
  Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple affiliations, our officers and directors (other than our independent directors) have agreed to present to us for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target business, until the earlier of: (1) our consummation of an initial business combination and (2) 24 months from the date of this prospectus. This agreement is, however, subject to any fiduciary and contractual obligations such officer or director may from time to time have to another entity. Accordingly, if any of them becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has a fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers and directors will materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination because in most cases the affiliated companies are closely held entities controlled by the officer or director or the nature of the affiliated company’s business is such that it is unlikely that a conflict will arise.
  Other clients of either Roth or Craig-Hallum may also compete with us for investment opportunities meeting our investment objectives. If either Roth or Craig-Hallum is engaged to act for any such clients, we may be precluded from pursuing opportunities that such clients are pursuing. In addition, investment ideas generated within Roth and Craig-Hallum may be suitable for both us and for an investment banking client or a current or future Roth or Craig-Hallum internal investment vehicle, including other blank check companies in which Roth or Craig-Hallum may participate, and may be directed to such client or investment vehicle rather than to us. Either Roth or Craig-Hallum may be engaged to advise the seller of a company, business or assets that would qualify as an investment opportunity for us. In such cases, we may be precluded from participating in the sale process or from purchasing the company, business or assets. If we are permitted to pursue the opportunity, Roth’s or Craig-Hallum’s interests or its obligations to the seller may diverge from our interests. Neither Roth, Craig-Hallum nor members of either management have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware unless such opportunity was expressly offered in writing to our management solely in their capacity as an officer or director of the company. Roth and Craig-Hallum and/or our management, in their capacities as officers or managing directors of Roth or Craig-Hallum or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future Roth or Craig-Hallum internal investment vehicles, including other blank check companies in which Roth or Craig-Hallum may participate, or third parties, including clients of Roth or Craig-Hallum, before they present such opportunities to us. In addition, our independent directors may have duties or obligations that prevent them from presenting otherwise suitable target businesses to us. Our independent directors are under no obligation to present opportunities of which they become aware to the company, unless such opportunity was expressly offered to the independent director solely in his capacity as a director of the company.
  71
      The following table summarizes certain material fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors:
  Name of Affiliated Company   Name of Individual   Priority/Preference relative to Roth
CH Acquisition III Co.
Roth Capital Partners, LLC
CR Financial Holdings, Inc.
BTG Investments LLC
WACO Limited, LLC
Cortina Asset Management, LLC
Rx3, LLC
Rivi Capital, LLC
EAM Investors, LLC
Roth Canada ULC
Roth CH Acquisition I Co.
Roth CH Acquisition II Co.
  Byron Roth   Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us.
          Roth Capital Partners, LLC
CR Financial Holdings, Inc.
BTG Investments LLC
WACO Limited, LLC
Cortina Asset Management, LLC
Rx3, LLC
Rivi Capital, LLC
EAM Investors, LLC
Roth Canada ULC
Joiya, Inc.
Roth CH Acquisition I Co.
Roth CH Acquisition II Co.
  Gordon Roth   Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us.
          Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Roth CH Acquisition I Co.
Roth CH Acquisition II Co.
  Rick Hartfiel   Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us.
          Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Roth CH Acquisition I Co.
Roth CH Acquisition II Co.
  John Lipman   Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us.
          Roth Capital Partners, LLC
Roth CH Acquisition I Co.
Roth CH Acquisition II Co.
  Aaron Gurewitz   Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us.
          Roth CH Acquisition I Co.
Roth CH Acquisition II Co.
  Molly Hemmeter   Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us.
          Wilbur-Ellis Company Inc.
Flower One
Roth CH Acquisition I Co.
Roth CH Acquisition II Co.
  Daniel M. Friedberg  
All affiliated companies will have priority over us.
Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us.
          Disruptive Technology Partners
Disruptive Growth
Subversive Capital
1007 Mountain Drive Partners, LLC
Subversive Capital Acquisition Corp.
  Adam Rothstein   All affiliated companies will have priority over us.
          Roth CH Acquisition I Co.
Roth CH Acquisition II Co.
      Roth CH Acquisition I Co. and Roth CH Acquisition II Co. will have priority over us.
          Aequi Acquisition Corp.   James Gold   Aequi Acquisition Corp. will have priority over us in connection with potential target businesses identified by Mr. Gold.
  72
    In connection with the vote required for any business combination, all of our initial stockholders, including all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective insider shares, shares underlying the private units and public shares in favor of any proposed business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to those shares of common stock acquired by them prior to this offering. If they purchase shares of common stock in this offering or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert such shares (or sell their shares in any tender offer) in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination or an amendment to our certificate of incorporation relating to pre-business combination activity.
  All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors, or the members of our Board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties.
  To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or initial stockholders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or other firm that commonly provides valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination except as described in this prospectus.
  PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
  The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of the date of this prospectus and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our shares of common stock included in the units offered by this prospectus (assuming none of the individuals listed purchase units in this offering), by:
    · each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock;
    · each of our officers and directors; and
    · all of our officers and directors as a group.
  Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus.
      Prior to Offering     After Offering (2)  
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)   Amount and
Nature of
Beneficial
Ownership     Approximate
Percentage
of
Outstanding
Shares of
Common
Stock     Amount
and
Nature of
Beneficial
Ownership     Approximate
Percentage
of
Outstanding
Shares of
Common
Stock  
Byron Roth(3)     1,430,484       33.2%       1,388,280       7.2 %
Gordon Roth(3)     957,966       22.2%       929,703       4.8 %
Aaron Gurewitz(4)     158,700       3.7%       154,018       * %
John Lipman     898,430       20.8%       871,924       4.5 %
Rick Hartfiel(5)     115,927       2.7%       112,506       * %
Molly Hemmeter     41,228       1.0%       46,228       *  
Daniel M. Friedberg(6)     41,228       1.0%       46,228       *  
Adam Rothstein     41,228       1.0%       46,228       *  
James Gold     79,861       1.9%       89,546       * %
All officers and directors as a group (9 individuals)(3)     2,929,693       67.9%       2,873,949       14.9 %
CR Financial Holdings, Inc.(7)     835,359       19.4%       810,713       4.2 %
Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC     271,784       6.3%       263,765       1.4 %
Rx3 Growth Partners     239,583       5.6%       232,515       1.2 %
    * Less than 1%.
  (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Roth CH Acquisition III Co., 888 San Clemente Drive, Newport Beach, CA 92660.
  73
    (2) Assumes no exercise of the over-allotment option and, therefore, the forfeiture of an aggregate of 562,500 shares of common stock held by our initial stockholders. Also reflects the ownership of an aggregate of 478,000 shares of common stock underlying the private units.
  (3) Includes shares owned by CR Financial Holdings, Inc., over which Byron Roth and Gordon Roth have voting and dispositive power.
  (4) Consists of shares owned by the AMG Trust Established January 23, 2007, for which Aaron Gurewitz is trustee.
  (5) Rick Hartfiel and at least three other individuals each have voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC. Under the so-called “rule of three,” if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity’s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity’s securities. Based upon the foregoing analysis, the aforementioned individuals do not exercise voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, even those in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares.
  (6) Consists of shares owned by Hampstead Park Capital Management LLC, of which Mr. Friedberg is the managing member.
  (7) Byron Roth and Gordon Roth have voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by CR Financial Holdings, Inc.
  Immediately after this offering, our initial stockholders will beneficially own approximately 20% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming no purchase in this offering and not taking into account ownership of the private units). None of our initial stockholders, officers and directors has indicated to us that he intends to purchase securities in this offering. Because of the ownership block held by our initial stockholders, such individuals may be able to effectively exercise control over all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our initial business combination.
  If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of the over-allotment option, our initial stockholders will have up to an aggregate 562,500 shares of common stock subject to forfeiture. Only a number of shares necessary to maintain our initial stockholders’ collective, approximate 20% ownership interest in our shares of common stock after giving effect to the offering and the exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option (assuming no purchase in this offering and not taking into account ownership of the private units) will be forfeited.
  All of the insider shares issued and outstanding prior to the date of this prospectus will be placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as escrow agent, until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider shares, six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. Up to 562,500 of the insider shares may also be released from escrow earlier than this date for forfeiture and cancellation if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full as described above.
  During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (i) for transfers to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their respective affiliates (including for transfers to an entity’s members upon its liquidation), (ii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (iv) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (v) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases of our securities, (vi) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (vii) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, in each case (except for clause (vii)) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement, but will retain all other rights as our stockholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate the trust account, none of our initial stockholders will receive any portion of the liquidation proceeds with respect to their insider shares.
  74
    Our stockholders prior to this offering have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 478,000 (or 523,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. The proceeds from the private placement of the private units and the proceeds of this offering will be placed in a trust account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, as further detailed in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds.” If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds from the sale of the private units will be included in the liquidating distribution to the holders of our public shares. The private units are identical to the units sold as part of the public units in this offering except that the (i) private units will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, and (ii) the private units may not be transferred prior to the close of a business combination (except on the same terms as the founder shares would be transferable). Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the private units and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination.
  In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust account, to the extent available.
  Our executive officers and initial stockholders are our “promoters,” as that term is defined under the federal securities laws.
  CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS
  In February 2019, CR Financial Holdings, Inc., an entity affiliated with Roth Capital Partners, LLC, purchased an aggregate of 100 shares from us for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. On May 26, 2020, we effected a dividend of 28,750 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares outstanding. On May 29, 2020, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and certain of our directors, officers and affiliates of our management team purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. an aggregate of 2,059,019 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $17,904.51. On January 19, 2021 and February 3, 2021, certain affiliates of our management team purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC an aggregate of 239,583 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $2,083.33. On February 9, 2021, we effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding. That same date, certain of our initial stockholders sold an aggregate of 417,080 shares back to us, which shares were cancelled, and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and certain of our directors and affiliates of our management team purchased from us an aggregate of 417,080 shares, in each case, for an aggregate purchase price of $2,417.86. Also on February 9, 2021, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. 39,931 shares for a purchase price of $231.48. As of the date hereof, there are an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding, which shares we refer to herein as “founder shares” or “insider shares,” which includes an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part.
  If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of their over-allotment option, our initial stockholders have agreed that up to an aggregate of 562,500 shares of common stock in proportion to the portion of the over-allotment option that was not exercised are subject to forfeiture and would be immediately cancelled.
  If the underwriters determine the size of the offering should be increased (including pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act) or decreased, a share capitalizations or a contribution back to capital, as applicable, would be effectuated in order to maintain our initial stockholder’s ownership at approximately 20% of the number of shares issued and outstanding after the closing of this offering (assuming no purchase in this offering and not taking into account ownership of the private units).
  Our initial stockholders have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 478,000 (or 523,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. The proceeds from the private placement of the private units and the proceeds of this offering will be placed in a trust account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, as further detailed in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds.” If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds from the sale of the private units will be included in the liquidating distribution to the holders of our public shares. The private units are identical to the units sold as part of the public units in this offering except that the (i) warrants included in the private units will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, and (ii) the private units may not be transferred prior to the close of a business combination (except on the same terms as the founder shares would be transferable). Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the private units and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination.
  75
    In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our initial stockholders, officers and directors and their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust account, to the extent available.
  The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private units (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, they may not exercise demand or piggyback rights after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, from the effective date of this offering and may not exercise demand rights on more than one occasion in respect of all registrable securities.
  As of the date of this prospectus, CR Financial Holdings, Inc. has loaned us $200,000 to cover expenses related to this offering. The loans are non-interest bearing and payable on the date on which we consummate this offering. We intend to repay the advance from the proceeds of this offering not placed in the trust account.
  We will reimburse our initial stockholders, officers and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial stockholder or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.
  No compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of our initial stockholders, officers or directors who owned our shares of common stock prior to this offering, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior to or with respect to the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) except as described in this prospectus.
  We will enter into indemnity agreements with each of our officers and directors. These agreements will require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.
  All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any compensation, will require prior approval by a majority of our disinterested independent directors (to the extent we have any) or the members of our Board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent directors (or, if there are no independent directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties.
  Related Party Policy
  Our Code of Ethics, which we will adopt upon consummation of this offering, will require us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the Board of Directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives personal benefits as a result of his or her position.
  76
    Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors, or the members of our Board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.
  These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer.
  To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or initial stockholders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or other firm that commonly provides valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination except as described in this prospectus.
  Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers
  Our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, as set forth in our certificate of incorporation, such indemnification will not extend to any claims our insiders may make to us to cover any loss that they may sustain as a result of their agreement to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us as described elsewhere in this prospectus.
  Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in accordance with the terms of such policy and insures us against our obligations to indemnify the directors and officers.
  These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers.
  Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.
  77
    DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
  General
  Our certificate of incorporation currently authorizes the issuance of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001. As of the date of this prospectus, 4,312,500 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding, held by our initial stockholders, officers, directors and affiliates of our management team.
  Units
  Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase a multiple of four units, the number of warrants issuable to you upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the consummation of an initial business combination, and will expire five years after the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption.
  The private units will be identical to the public units being offered by this prospectus except that the warrants underlying such private units will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates.
  The shares of common stock and warrants comprising the units will not be separately traded until 90 days of the effective date of this prospectus unless Roth and Craig-Hallum inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, but in no event will the shares of common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes this audited balance sheet upon the consummation of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days after the date of this prospectus. The audited balance sheet will reflect proceeds we received from the exercise of the over-allotment option if such option is exercised prior to the filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
  Common Stock
  Our holders of record of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our insiders, officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective shares of common stock owned by them immediately prior to this offering, including both the insider shares and any shares acquired in this offering or following this offering in the open market, in favor of the proposed business combination.
  78
    We will consummate our initial business combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and if a stockholder vote is held, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
  Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, if we do not consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our insiders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution with respect to their insider shares or shares underlying the private units.
  Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in any tender offer or have their shares of common stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination and the business combination is completed. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder’s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. In either of such events, converting stockholders would be paid their pro rata portion of the trust account promptly following consummation of the business combination or the approval of the amendment to the certificate of incorporation. If the business combination is not consummated or the amendment is not approved, stockholders will not be paid such amounts.
  Warrants
  No warrants are currently outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase a multiple of four units, the number of warrants issuable to you upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. However, no public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 120 days from the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of our initial business combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time.
  79
    In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our Board of Directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our shares of common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Price”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the Market Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the Market Price.
  We may call the outstanding warrants (excluding the warrants underlying the private units) for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
    · at any time after the warrants become exercisable,
    · upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder,
    · if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and
    · if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
  The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant.
  The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.
  If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of our common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis” will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our common shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances.
  The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
  The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices.
  The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.
  80
    Except as described above, no public warrants will be exercisable for cash and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the shares of common stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants, and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the common stock is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless.
  Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.9% of the shares of common stock outstanding.
  No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder.
  We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See “Risk Factors — Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.” This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.
  Dividends
  We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then Board of Directors. It is the present intention of our Board of Directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our Board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.
  Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent
  The transfer agent for our shares of common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10004.
  Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
  We will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a “business combination” with:
    · a stockholder who owns 10% or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an “interested stockholder”);
    · an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or
    · an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.
  A “business combination” includes a merger or sale of more than 10% of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:
    · our Board of Directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an “interested stockholder,” prior to the date of the transaction;
    · after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or
    · on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.
  Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, (4) action asserting a claim as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (5) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (1) through (5) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the inclusion of such provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not be deemed to be a waiver by our stockholders of our obligation to comply with federal securities laws, rules and regulations, and the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Furthermore, the enforceability of choice of forum provisions in other companies’ certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable.
  81
    Special meeting of stockholders
  Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our Board of Directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman.
  Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations
  Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.
  Authorized but unissued shares
  Our authorized but unissued common stock is available for future issuances without stockholder approval, and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.
  SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE
  Immediately after this offering, we will have 19,228,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, or 22,085,500 shares of common stock if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. Of these shares, the 15,000,000 shares sold in this offering, or 17,250,000 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. All of those shares will not be transferable except in limited circumstances described elsewhere in this prospectus.
  Rule 144
  A person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following:
    · 1% of the number of shares of common stock then issued and outstanding, which will equal 192,280 shares immediately after this offering (or 220,855 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full); and
    · the average weekly trading volume of the shares of common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
  Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
  Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
  Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met:
  82
      · the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
    · the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
    · the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and
    · at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
  As a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule 144, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their insider shares freely without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination assuming they are not an affiliate of ours at that time.
  Registration Rights
  The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private units (and underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units (and underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, they may not exercise demand or piggyback rights after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, from the effective date of this offering and may not exercise demand rights on more than one occasion in respect of all registrable securities.
  UNDERWRITING (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)
  We intend to offer our securities described in this prospectus through the underwriters named below. Roth and Craig-Hallum are lead book-running managing underwriters. We have entered into an underwriting agreement with the both Roth and Craig-Hallum. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, each of the underwriters has severally agreed to purchase from us the number of units listed next to its name in the following table:
  Underwriter   Number of
Units  
Roth Capital Partners, LLC        
Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC        
Total     15,000,000  
  A copy of the underwriting agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
  Listing of our Securities
  We have applied to have our units, shares of common stock and warrants quoted on Nasdaq under the symbols “ROCRU,” “ROCR” and “ROCRW,” respectively. Our units are expected to be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. Following the date that our shares of common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that our shares of common stock and warrants will be listed separately and as a unit on Nasdaq. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be listed in connection with this offering or continue to be listed on Nasdaq after this offering.
  Over-allotment Option
  We have granted the underwriters an option to buy up to 2,250,000 additional units. The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments, if any, made in connection with this offering. The underwriters have 45 days from the date of this prospectus to exercise this option. If the underwriters exercise this option, they will each purchase additional units approximately in proportion to the amounts specified in the table above.
  83
    Commissions and Discounts
  The following table shows the per unit and total underwriting discounts and commissions we will pay to the underwriters assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 units.
      Per Unit     Without
Over-
allotment     With
Over-
allotment  
Public offering price   $ 10.00     $ 150,000,000     $ 172,500,000  
Discount(1)(2)   $ 0.20     $ 3,000,000     $ 3,450,000  
Proceeds before expenses (3)   $ 9.80     $ 147,000,000     $ 169,050,000  
  (1) Includes up to $3,000,000, or $0.20 per unit, equal to 2.0% of the gross proceeds of this offering (or $3,450,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) payable to the underwriters as underwriting discounts and commissions.
(2) We will also pay $100,000 to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., our “qualified independent underwriter.”  We have also agreed to pay for the FINRA-related fees and expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel, not to exceed $15,000.
(3) The offering expenses are estimated at $1,030,000.
  Business Combination Marketing Agreement
  Under a business combination marketing agreement, dated as of the date of this prospectus, we have engaged Roth and Craig-Hallum as advisors in connection with our initial business combination to assist us in the transaction structuring and negotiation of a definitive purchase agreement with respect to the business combination, holding meetings with our stockholders to discuss the business combination and the target’s attributes, introducing us to potential investors to purchase our securities in connection with the business combination, assisting us in obtaining stockholder approval for the business combination, and assisting us with financial analysis, presentations, press releases and filings related to the business combination. We will pay Roth and Craig-Hallum a marketing fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to, in the aggregate, 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds from the full or partial exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. As a result, Roth and Craig-Hallum will not be entitled to such fee unless we consummate our initial business combination. A copy of the form of business combination marketing agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
  Pricing of Securities
  We have been advised by the joint representatives of the underwriters that the underwriters propose to offer the units to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
  Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the joint representatives of the underwriters. Factors considered in determining the prices and terms of the units, including the shares of common stock and warrants underlying the units, include:
    · the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
    · prior offerings of those companies;
    · our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
    · our capital structure;
    · the per share amount of net proceeds being placed into the trust account;
    · an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
    · general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the offering; and
    · other factors as were deemed relevant.
  However, although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry since the underwriters are unable to compare our financial results and prospects with those of public companies operating in the same industry.
  Regulatory Restrictions on Purchase of Securities
  Rules of the SEC may limit the ability of the underwriters to bid for or purchase our units before the distribution of the units is completed. However, the underwriters may engage in the following activities in accordance with the rules:
  84
      · Stabilizing Transactions. The underwriters may make bids or purchases for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the price of our units, as long as stabilizing bids do not exceed the offering price of $10.00 and the underwriters comply with all other applicable rules.
    · Over-Allotments and Syndicate Coverage Transactions. The underwriters may create a short position in our units by selling more of our units than are set forth on the cover page of this prospectus up to the amount of the over-allotment option. This is known as a covered short position. The underwriters may also create a short position in our units by selling more of our units than are set forth on the cover page of this prospectus and the units allowed by the over-allotment option. This is known as a naked short position. If the underwriters create a short position during the offering, the joint representatives of the underwriters may engage in syndicate covering transactions by purchasing our units in the open market. The joint representatives of the underwriters may also elect to reduce any short position by exercising all or part of the over-allotment option. Determining what method to use in reducing the short position depends on how the units trade in the aftermarket following the offering. If the unit price drops following the offering, the short position is usually covered with shares purchased by the underwriters in the aftermarket. However, the underwriters may cover a short position by exercising the over-allotment option even if the unit price drops following the offering. If the unit price rises after the offering, then the over-allotment option is used to cover the short position. If the short position is more than the over-allotment option, the naked short must be covered by purchases in the aftermarket, which could be at prices above the offering price.
    · Penalty Bids. The joint representatives of the underwriters may reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the units originally sold by the syndicate member are purchased in a stabilizing or syndicate covering transaction to cover syndicate short positions.
  Stabilization and syndicate covering transactions may cause the price of our securities to be higher than they would be in the absence of these transactions. The imposition of a penalty bid might also have an effect on the prices of our securities if it discourages resales of our securities.
  Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our securities. These transactions may occur on Nasdaq, in the over-the-counter market or on any trading market. If any of these transactions are commenced, they may be discontinued without notice at any time.
  Conflicts of Interest
  Certain of our officers and directors are affiliates of Roth and Craig-Hallum, the lead bookrunning managers in this offering. As a result, Roth and Craig-Hallum are deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of Rule 5121 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“Rule 5121”).
  Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the applicable requirements of Rule 5121. Rule 5121 requires that a “qualified independent underwriter,” as defined in Rule 5121, participate in the preparation of the registration statement and prospectus and exercise the usual standards of due diligence with respect thereto. EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. has agreed to act as a “qualified independent underwriter” for this offering. EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. will receive a fee of $100,000 upon the completion of this offering for acting as a qualified independent underwriter. We have agreed to indemnify EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. against certain liabilities incurred in connection with acting as a “qualified independent underwriter,” including liabilities under the Securities Act. In addition, no underwriter with a conflict of interest will confirm sales to any account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the specific prior written approval of the account holder.
  Other Terms
  Except as set forth above, including with respect to the business combination marketing agreement, we are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, any of the underwriters may, among other things, introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital, as needs may arise in the future. If any underwriter provides services to us after this offering, we may pay the underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriter and no fees for such services will be paid to the underwriter prior to the date which is 90 days after the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriter’s compensation in connection with this offering.
  On January 19, 2021 and February 3, 2021, certain affiliates of our management team who are affiliated with participating underwriters in this offering purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC an aggregate of 159,722 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $1,388.89. On February 9, 2021, we effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding. That same date, certain of our initial stockholders sold an aggregate of 417,080 shares back to us for an aggregate purchase price of $2,417.86, which shares were cancelled, and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and certain affiliates of our management team who are affiliated with participating underwriters in this offering purchased from us an aggregate of 293,396 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $1,700.85. Also on February 9, 2021, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. 39,931 shares for a purchase price of $231.48. As of the date hereof, there are an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding, which includes an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part.
  Our stockholders prior to this offering have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 478,000 (or 523,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. The private units, and the shares that are issuable upon exercise of the warrants underlying the private units have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 360-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(e) of the FINRA Manual commencing on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e), these securities will not be sold during the offering, or sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 360 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part or commencement of sales of the public offering, except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners, provided that all securities so transferred remain subject to the lockup restriction above for the remainder of the time period. In addition, for as long as the warrants underlying the private units are held by our initial stockholders or their designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. We have granted the holders of private units the registration rights as described under the section “Securities Eligible for Future Sale — Registration Rights.”
  85
    Indemnification
  We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against some liabilities, including civil liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make in this respect.
  LEGAL MATTERS
  Loeb & Loeb LLP is acting as counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act and will pass on the validity of the securities offered in the prospectus. Graubard Miller is acting as counsel for the underwriters in this offering.
  EXPERTS
  The financial statements of Roth CH Acquisition III Co. as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the period from February 13, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019 appearing in this prospectus have been audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report, thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of Roth CH Acquisition III Co. to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such report given on the authority of such firm as an experts in auditing and accounting.
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
  We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1, which includes exhibits, schedules and amendments, under the Securities Act, with respect to this offering of our securities. Although this prospectus, which forms a part of the registration statement, contains all material information included in the registration statement, parts of the registration statement have been omitted as permitted by rules and regulations of the SEC. We refer you to the registration statement and its exhibits for further information about us, our securities and this offering. The registration statement and its exhibits, as well as our other reports filed with the SEC, can be inspected and copied at the SEC’s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information about the operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov which contains the Form S-1 and other reports, proxy and information statements and information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
  86
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      PAGE
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Balance Sheets   F-3
Statements of Operations   F-4
Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity   F-5
Statements of Cash Flows   F-6
Notes to Financial Statements   F-7
  F-1 
    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
  To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of  
Roth CH Acquisition III Co.
  Opinion on the Financial Statements
  We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Roth CH Acquisition III Co. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from February 13, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from February 13, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
  Explanatory Paragraph — Going Concern
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company’s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon its completion of the proposed initial public offering described in Note 3 to the financial statements. The Company has a working capital deficiency as of December 31, 2020 and lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might become necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
  Basis for Opinion
  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
  Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
  /s/ Marcum LLP  
  Marcum LLP  
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2021.  
Houston, TX  
January 8, 2021, except for the second paragraph of Note 8 as to
  which the date is February 10, 2021  
  F-2 
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
BALANCE SHEETS
      December 31,
2020     December 31,
2019  
ASSETS                
Cash   $ 195,758     $ 25,000  
Other current asset     1,500       —  
Total Current Assets     197,258       25,000  
                  Deferred offering costs     31,542       —  
TOTAL ASSETS   $ 228,800     $ 25,000  
                  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY                
Current liabilities                
Accrued expenses   $ 1,000     $ 1,225  
Accrued offering costs     5,000       —  
Promissory note – related party     200,000       —  
     Total Current Liabilities     206,000       1,225  
                  Commitments                
                  Stockholders’ Equity                
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 4,312,500 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 (1)     431       431  
Additional paid-in capital     24,569       24,569  
Accumulated deficit     (2,200 )     (1,225 )
Total Stockholders’ Equity     22,800       23,775  
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY   $ 228,800     $ 25,000  
  (1) Includes up to 562,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). On February 9, 2021, the Company effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share of common stock outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common stock outstanding (see Notes 5 and 8).
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
  F-3 
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
      For the Year
Ended
December 31,     For the Period
from February
 13, 2019
(Inception)
Through
December 31,  
    2020     2019  
Formation and operating costs   $ 975     $ 1,225  
Net Loss   $ (975 )   $ (1,225 )
                  Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1)     3,750,000       3,750,000  
                  Basic and diluted net loss per common share   $ (0.00 )   $ (0.00 )
  (1) Excludes an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). On February 9, 2021, the Company effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share of common stock outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common stock outstanding (see Notes 5 and 8).
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
  F-4 
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
      Common Stock     Additional
Paid-in
Capital     Accumulated
Deficit     Total
Stockholders’
Equity  
    Shares     Amount                    
Balance – February 13, 2019 (inception)     —     $ —     $ —     $ —     $ —  
                                          Issuance of common stock to Initial Stockholders (1)     4,312,500       431       24,569       —       25,000  
                                          Net loss     —       —       —       (1,225 )     (1,225 )
Balance – December 31, 2019     4,312,500       431       24,569       (1,225 )     23,775  
                                          Net loss     —       —       —       (975 )     (975 )
Balance – December 31, 2020     4,312,500     $ 431     $ 24,569     $ (2,200 )   $ 22,800  
  (1)   Includes 562,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). On February 9, 2021, the Company effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share of common stock outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common stock outstanding (see Notes 5 and 8).
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
  F-5 
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      For the Year
ended
December 31,     For the Period
from February
13, 2019
(Inception)
Through
December 31,  
    2020     2019  
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:                
Net loss   $ (975 )   $ (1,225 )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:                
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:                
Other current asset     (1,500 )     —  
Accrued expenses     (225 )     1,225  
Net cash used in operating activities     (2,700 )     —  
                  Cash Flows from Financing Activities:                
Proceeds from sale of common stock to Initial Stockholders     —       25,000  
Proceeds from promissory note – related party     200,000       —  
Payments of offering costs     (26,542 )     —  
Net cash provided by operating activities     173,458       25,000  
                  Net Change in Cash     170,758       25,000  
Cash – Beginning     25,000       —  
Cash – Ending   $ 195,758     $ 25,000  
                  Non-cash investing and financing activities:                
Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs   $ 5,000     $ —  
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
  F-6 
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Note 1 — Description of Organization and Business Operations
  Roth CH Acquisition III Co. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on February 13, 2019. The Company is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the “Business Combination”).
  The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.
  As of December 31, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 13, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering (“Proposed Public Offering”), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Proposed Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.
  The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a Proposed Public Offering of 15,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”) at $10.00 per Unit (or 17,250,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), which is discussed in Note 3, and the sale of 478,000 units (or 523,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the “Private Units”) at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement to certain of the Company’s stockholders prior to the offering that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Public Offering.
  The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete a Business Combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least $10.00 per Unit sold in the Proposed Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units, will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”), located in the United States and will be held in cash items or invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below.
  The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.”
  The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Company’s shares prior to the Proposed Public Offering (the “Initial Stockholders”) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering (a) in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business Combination or sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of how or whether they vote on the proposed transaction or don’t vote at all.
  F-7
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  The Initial Stockholders have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect a public stockholders’ ability to convert or sell their shares to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment.
  The Company will have until 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes and liquidation expenses up to $50,000, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
  The Initial Stockholders have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Proposed Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Proposed Public Offering price per Unit ($10.00).
  In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Initial Stockholders have agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below $10.00 per Public Share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Initial Stockholders will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that Initial Stockholders will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, (except the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
  Going Concern Consideration
  At December 31, 2020, the Company had cash of $195,758 and working capital deficit of $8,742. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through a Proposed Public Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
  Basis of Presentation
  The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.
  F-8
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Emerging Growth Company
  The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
  Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
  Use of Estimates
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting periods.
  Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
  Cash and cash equivalents
  The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020 and 2019.
  Deferred Offering Costs
  Deferred offering costs consist of legal, accounting and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Public Offering and that will be charged to stockholders’ equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering. Should the Proposed Public Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to be incurred, will be charged to operations.
  Income Taxes
  The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
  ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.
  The provision for income taxes was deemed to be de minimis for the year ended December 31, 2020, and for the period from February 13, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019.
  F-9
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Net Loss Per Common Share
  Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to forfeiture by the Initial Stockholders. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 562,500 shares of common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Notes 5 and 8). At December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented.
  Concentration of Credit Risk
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. At December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments
  The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature.
  Recent Accounting Standards
  Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.
  Risks and Uncertainties
  In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic which continues to spread throughout the United States and the World. As of the date the financial statements were issued, there was considerable uncertainty around the expected duration of this pandemic. The Company has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that COVID-19 could have a negative effect on identifying a target company for a Business Combination, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  Note 3 — Public Offering
  Pursuant to the Proposed Public Offering, the Company intends to offer for sale 15,000,000 Units (or 17,250,000 Units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one share of common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7).
  Note 4 — Private Placement
  The Initial Stockholders will enter into an agreement to purchase an aggregate of 478,000 Private Units (or 523,000 Private Units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $4,780,000, or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. Each Private Unit will consist of one share of common stock (“Private Share”) and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant (“Private Warrant”). Each whole Private Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the Private Units will be added to the proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law).
  Note 5 — Related Party Transactions
  Founder Shares
  In February 2019, the Initial Stockholders purchased an aggregate of 100 shares of the Company’s common stock for an aggregate price of $25,000. On May 26, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of 28,750 shares of common stock for each share of common stock outstanding, resulting in an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares of common stock being held by the Initial Stockholders (the “Founder Shares”). On February 9, 2021, the Company effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding (see Note 8). All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividend. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares subject to forfeiture by the Initial Stockholders to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Stockholders will collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Public Offering and excluding the Private Shares).
  F-10
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  The Initial Stockholders have agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until (1) with respect to 50% of the Founder Shares, the earlier of six months after the completion of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares, six months after the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
  Promissory Note — Related Party
  On December 15, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the sponsor (the Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $200,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering or (ii) the date on which the Company determines not to proceed with the Proposed Public Offering. As of December 31, 2020, there was $200,000 outstanding under the Promissory Note.
  Related Party Loans
  In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Stockholders, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest.
  Note 6 — Commitments
  Registration Rights
  The holders of the Founder Shares, as well as the holders of the Private Units (and underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that the Company register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units (and underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company’s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, they may not exercise demand or piggyback rights after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, from the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering and may not exercise demand rights on more than one occasion in respect of all registrable securities.
  Underwriting Agreement
  The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of Proposed Public Offering to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Proposed Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
  The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 2.0% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $3,000,000 (or up to $3,450,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full).
  F-11
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Business Combination Marketing Agreement
  The Company will engage Roth Capital Partners, LLC (“Roth”) and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (“Craig-Hallum”), the underwriters in the Proposed Public Offering, as advisors in connection with its Business Combination Business combination to assist in the transaction structuring and negotiation of a definitive purchase agreement with respect to the Business Combination, holding meetings with the stockholders to discuss the Business Combination and the target’s attributes, introducing the Company to potential investors to purchase its securities in connection with the Business Combination, assisting in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination, and assisting with financial analysis, presentations, press releases and filings related to the Business Combination. The Company will pay Roth and Craig-Hallum a marketing fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to, in the aggregate, 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, including any proceeds from the full or partial exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. As a result, Roth and Craig-Hallum will not be entitled to such fee unless the Company consummates a Business Combination.
  Note 7 — Stockholders’ Equity
  Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. At December 31, 2020 and 2019, after giving effect to the stock dividend described in Note 8, there were 4,312,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Stockholders will collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock after the Proposed Public Offering (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Public Offering and excluding the Private Shares).
  Warrants — The Company will not issue fractional warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 120 days following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of a Business Combination.
  Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants:
    • in whole and not in part;
  • at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
  • at any time after the warrants become exercisable;
  • upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder;
  • if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and
  • if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
  If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.
  In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the Market Value and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the Market Price.
  F-12
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  The Private Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
  Note 8 — Subsequent Events
  The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to January 8, 2021, the date that the financial statements were available to be issued. Based upon this review, other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.
  On February 9, 2021, the Company effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share of common stock outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common stock outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividend.
  F-13
    The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
  PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED FEBRUARY 10, 2021
  Roth CH Acquisition III Co.
Units
  This prospectus has been prepared for and will be used by Roth Capital Partners, LLC (“Roth”) and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (“Craig-Hallum”) in connection with offers and sales of our units in certain market making transactions effected from time to time for 30 days following the date of this prospectus. These transactions may occur in the open market or may be privately negotiated at prevailing market prices at the time of sales, at prices related thereto or at negotiated prices. We will not receive any proceeds of such transactions. Roth and Craig-Hallum have no obligation to make a market in our units, and may discontinue such activities at any time without notice, at its sole discretion. All such transactions with respect to our securities that are made pursuant to a prospectus after the date of this prospectus are being made solely pursuant to this prospectus, as it may be supplemented from time to time.
  We have applied to list our units on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “ROCRU.” We expect that our units will be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq. We expect the common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 90th day following the date of this prospectus unless Roth and Craig-Hallum inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our satisfaction of certain conditions. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the common stock and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “ROCR” and “ROCRW,” respectively.
  We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
  Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
  Joint Book-Running Managers
  Roth Capital Partners Craig-Hallum Capital Group
  The date of this prospectus is        , 2021
  A-1
    TABLE OF CONTENTS
      Page No.  
SUMMARY   1  
        SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA   19  
        RISK FACTORS   20  
        CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   39  
        USE OF PROCEEDS   40  
        DIVIDEND POLICY   42  
        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   44  
        PROPOSED BUSINESS   47  
        MANAGEMENT   65  
        PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS   73  
        CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS   75  
        DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES   78  
        SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE   82  
        PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION   A-9  
        LEGAL MATTERS   86  
        EXPERTS   86  
        WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   86  
        INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   F-1  
  The Offering
  In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors.” Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus, or the context otherwise requires, references to “this offering” herein refer to our initial public offering.
  A-2 
    Listing of our securities and proposed symbols   We anticipate the units and the shares of common stock and the warrants, once they begin separate trading, will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “ROCRU,” “ROCR” and “ROCRW,” respectively.
          Each of the shares of common stock and warrants may trade separately on the 90th day after the date of this prospectus unless Roth and Craig-Hallum have determined that an earlier date is acceptable (based upon, among other things, its assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets and small capitalization companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular). In no event will Roth and Craig-Hallum allow separate trading of the shares of common stock and warrants until we file an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of our initial public offering.
          Once the shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into separately trading shares of common stock and warrants.
          We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, including an audited balance sheet, promptly upon the consummation of our initial public offering, which is anticipated to take place two business days from the date the units commence trading. The audited balance sheet will reflect our receipt of the proceeds from the exercise of the over-allotment option if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K or a new Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in the Form 8-K, or amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if Roth and Craig-Hallum have allowed separate trading of the shares of common stock and warrants prior to the 90th day after the date of this prospectus.
  Terms of Warrants    
  Exercisability   Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of common stock. Every four units entitles the holder thereof to receive one warrant.
  Exercise price  
$11.50 per whole share. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. It is our current intention to have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock in effect promptly following consummation of an initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within 120 days following the consummation of our initial business combination, public warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the day prior to the date of exercise. For example, if a holder held 300 whole warrants to purchase 300 shares and the fair market value on the date prior to exercise was $15.00, that holder would receive 70 shares without the payment of any additional cash consideration.
  In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our Board of Directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our shares of common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Price”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the Market Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the Market Price.
  A-3 
    Exercise period   The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the consummation of an initial business combination. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption.
      Redemption   We may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the warrants underlying the private units), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
          ·    at any time after the warrants become exercisable;
          ·    upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption;
          ·    if, and only if, the last sales price of our common stock equals or  exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption, and
          ·    if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
          If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of our common stock may fall below the $18.00 trigger price, as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.
          The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.
  If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis” will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our shares of common stock at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances.
  A-4 
    Offering proceeds to be held in trust  
$150,000,000 of the net proceeds of our initial public offering (or $172,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $10.00 per unit sold to the public in our initial public offering (regardless of whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part) will be placed in a trust account at Morgan Stanley, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee pursuant to an agreement to be signed on the date of this prospectus. Of the $4,780,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units, $5,230,000 will be used for offering expenses (including underwriting discounts and commissions) and $750,000 will be used for working capital, such amount not be held in the trust account.
  Except as set forth below, the proceeds in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of: (1) the completion of an initial business combination within the required time period and (2) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period.  Therefore, unless and until our initial business combination is consummated, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be available for our use for any expenses related to our initial public offering or expenses which we may incur related to the investigation and selection of a target business and the negotiation of an agreement to acquire a target business.
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be released to us, from time to time, from the trust account any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we need to pay our income or other tax obligations. With this exception, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of our initial public offering not held in the trust account of approximately $750,000. Additionally, in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our initial public offering if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient, our initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust account, to the extent available.
      Limited payments to insiders  
Prior to the consummation of a business combination, there will be no fees, reimbursements or other cash payments paid to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than:
  ·     repayment of loans of $200,000 made to us by CR Financial Holdings, Inc.;
  ·     payment to Roth and Craig-Hallum of underwriting commissions from this offering and fees for any financial advisory, placement agency or other similar investment banking services Roth and Craig-Hallum may provide to our company in the future (including reimbursement of any related expenses incurred by them in connection thereto);
  ·     reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets and business combinations; and
  ·     repayment upon consummation of our initial business combination of any loans which may be made by our initial stockholders or their affiliates or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination.
  We have also engaged Roth and Craig-Hallum as advisors in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement described under “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) — Business Combination Marketing Agreement.” We will pay Roth and Craig-Hallum a marketing fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to, in the aggregate, 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds from the full or partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, Roth and Craig-Hallum will not be entitled to such fee unless we consummate our initial business combination.
  There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account available to us, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial stockholder or member of our management team, or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.
  A-5 
    Stockholder approval of, or tender offer in connection with, initial business combination   In connection with any proposed initial business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of how or whether they vote on the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial stockholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any founder shares, shares underlying the private units or public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each public stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction or whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. If we provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will consummate the business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
          We have determined not to consummate any business combination unless we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation in order to avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares redeemed) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all.
          Our initial stockholders have agreed (A) to vote their founder shares, shares underlying the private units and any public shares purchased in or after our initial public offering in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, prior to and unrelated to an initial business combination, an amendment to our certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our redemption obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 24 months unless we provide public stockholders an opportunity to redeem their public shares in conjunction with any such amendment, (C) not to convert any shares (including the founder shares, shares underlying the private units and any public shares purchased) into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or sell any shares to us in a tender offer in connection with our proposed initial business combination, and (D) that the founder shares and shares underlying the private units shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. None of our initial stockholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase public units in our initial public offering or any units or shares of common stock in the open market or in private transactions. However, if a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Our initial stockholders, officers, directors and their affiliates could purchase sufficient shares so that the initial business combination may be approved without the majority vote of public shares held by non-affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial stockholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock or purchasing shares when the buyer is in possession of material non-public information about the Company.
      Conversion rights   In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of how or whether he, she or it is voting on such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his, her or its public shares into a pro rata share of the trust account upon consummation of the business combination.
  A-6 
        We may require public stockholders wishing to exercise conversion rights, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender the certificates they are seeking to convert to our transfer agent or to deliver the shares they are seeking to convert to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45, and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the business combination in order to exercise conversion rights. This is because a holder would need to deliver shares to exercise conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders.
          Under Delaware law, we are required to give a minimum of only ten days’ notice for each general meeting. As a result, if we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares of common stock into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to.
          If we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares of common stock to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion described above and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders.
      Liquidation if no business combination  
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares (including any public units in our initial public offering or any public units or shares that our initial stockholders or their affiliates purchased in our initial public offering or later acquired in the open market or in private transactions), which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably practicable following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining holders of common stock and our Board of Directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law.
  In connection with our redemption of 100% of our outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not necessary to pay our taxes payable on such funds. Holders of warrants will receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation with respect to such warrants, which will expire worthless.
  A-7 
        We may not have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we will seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after our initial public offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. There is also no guarantee that the third parties would not challenge the enforceability of these waivers and bring claims against the trust account for monies owed them.
  The holders of the founder shares and private units will not participate in any redemption distribution with respect to their founder shares and private units, but may have any public shares redeemed upon liquidation.
  Certain of our initial stockholders have agreed that they will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
  If we are unable to conclude our initial business combination and we expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering not deposited in the trust account, without taking into account any interest earned on the trust account, we expect that the initial per-share redemption price will be approximately $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of our stockholders. Furthermore, our underwriters may seek recourse against the proceeds in the trust account relating to any future claims they may have against us. In addition, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption price may be less than approximately $10.00.
  We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from interest accrued under the trust account (up to $50,000). If such funds are insufficient, our initial stockholders have agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation and has agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. We currently do not anticipate that such funds will be insufficient.
      Affiliation   Roth and Craig-Hallum each own shares of our common stock. Additionally, certain of our initial stockholders, officers and directors are affiliated with Roth and Craig-Hallum.
  USE OF PROCEEDS
  This prospectus is delivered in connection with the offer and sale of our units by Roth and Craig-Hallum in certain market making transactions. We will not receive any of the proceeds from these transactions.
  A-8 
    PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
  This prospectus has been prepared for use by Roth and Craig-Hallum in connection with offers and sales of our units in certain market making transactions effected from time to time for 30 days following the date of this prospectus. Roth and Craig-Hallum may act as principals in these transactions. These sales will be made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related thereto or at negotiated prices. We will not receive any of the proceeds of these transactions.
  Upon consummation of the offering, including the sale of our shares of common stock included in the units, CR Financial Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Roth, will own 810,713 shares of common stock (approximately 4.2% of our outstanding shares of common stock), and Craig-Hallum will own 263,765 shares of common stock (approximately 1.4% of our outstanding shares of common stock) (assuming the over-allotment option has not been exercised and forfeiture of an aggregate of 562,500 shares by the initial stockholders). Additionally officers and directors of both Roth and Craig-Hallum own shares of common stock.
  Our initial stockholders agreed to purchase an aggregate of 478,000 (or 523,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) private units for an aggregate purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full).
  We agreed to file a “market making” prospectus in order to allow Roth and Craig-Hallum to engage in market making activities for our units for 30 days following the date of this prospectus Roth and Craig-Hallum acted as joint book-running managers in our recently completed initial public offering of securities. Purchases and sales in the open market by Roth and Craig-Hallum may include short sales, purchases to cover short positions, which may include purchases pursuant to the over-allotment option and stabilizing purchases, in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Purchases to cover short positions and stabilizing purchases, as well as other purchases by the underwriters for their own account, may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the units. They may also cause the price of the units to be higher than the price that would otherwise exist in the open market in the absence of these transactions. The underwriters may conduct these transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. If the underwriters commence any of these transactions, it may discontinue them at any time.
  We have been advised by Roth and Craig-Hallum that, following our initial public offering, they currently intend to engage in market making transactions for our units as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. However, neither Roth nor Craig-Hallum is obligated to do so and Roth and Craig-Hallum may discontinue their market making activities at any time without notice. In addition, such market making activity will be subject to the limits imposed by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the liquidity of the trading market for our units, that you will be able to sell any of our units held by you at a particular time or that the prices that you receive when you sell will be favorable. See “Risk Factors — There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.”
  We have agreed to indemnify Roth and Craig-Hallum in our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments Roth and Craig-Hallum may be required to make because of any of those liabilities.
  We are not under any contractual obligation to engage Roth and Craig-Hallum to provide any services for us after our initial public offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, Roth and Craig-Hallum may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future. If Roth and Craig-Hallum provides services to us in the future, we may pay Roth and Craig-Hallum fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with Roth and Craig-Hallum and no fees for such services will be paid to Roth and Craig-Hallum prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with our initial public offering and we may pay the underwriters of our initial public offering or any entity with which it is affiliated a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of an initial business combination.
  Roth and Craig-Hallum and their affiliates may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with us or our affiliates, for which they may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for any such transactions.
  In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, Roth and Craig-Hallum and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. Roth and Craig-Hallum and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
  A-9 
    Until [·], 2021 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our shares of common stock, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
  No dealer, salesperson or any other person is authorized to give any information or make any representations in connection with this offering other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, the information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security other than the securities offered by this prospectus, or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful.
  $150,000,000
  Roth CH Acquisition III Co.
  15,000,000 Units
  PROSPECTUS
  Joint Book-Running Managers
  Roth Capital Partners Craig-Hallum Capital Group
  The date of this prospectus is        , 2021
        PART II
  INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
  Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
  The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discounts and commissions) will be as follows:
  Initial Trustees’ fee   $ 6,500  
SEC Registration Fee     24,230  
FINRA filing fee     33,814  
Accounting fees and expenses     75,000  
Nasdaq listing fees     75,000  
Printing and engraving expenses     35,000  
Legal fees and expenses     325,000  
Director and officer liability insurance     400,000  
Miscellaneous     55,456  
Total     1,030,000  
  Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
  Our certificate of incorporation provides that all directors, officers, employees and agents of the registrant shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL.
  Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below.
  “Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance.
  (a) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful.
  (b) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
  (c) To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith.
  II-1
    (d) Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer of the corporation at the time of such determination: (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders.
  (e) Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former officers and directors or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate.
  (f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred.
  (g) A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section.
  (h) For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
  (i) For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section.
  (j) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
  (k) The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).
  II-2
    Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
  In accordance with Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation will provide that no director shall be personally liable to us or any of our stockholders for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the DGCL unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. The effect of this provision of our certificate of incorporation is to eliminate our rights and those of our stockholders (through stockholders’ derivative suits on our behalf) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director, including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except, as restricted by Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL. However, this provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights of any stockholder to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director’s duty of care.
  If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the liability of directors, then, in accordance with our certificate of incorporation, the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our certificate of incorporation limiting or eliminating the liability of directors, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors on a retroactive basis.
  Our certificate of incorporation will also provide that we will, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, indemnify our current and former officers and directors, as well as those persons who, while directors or officers of our corporation, are or were serving as directors, officers, employees or agents of another entity, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in connection with any threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by any such person in connection with any such proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person eligible for indemnification pursuant to our certificate of incorporation will be indemnified by us in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such proceeding was authorized by our Board of Directors, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification.
  The right to indemnification conferred by our certificate of incorporation is a contract right that includes the right to be paid by us the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding referenced above in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by our officer or director (solely in the capacity as an officer or director of our corporation) will be made only upon delivery to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such officer or director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our certificate of incorporation or otherwise.
  The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which any person covered by our certificate of incorporation may have or hereafter acquire under law, our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
  Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. Our certificate of incorporation will also permit us, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other that those specifically covered by our certificate of incorporation.
  II-3
    Our bylaws, which we intend to adopt immediately prior to the closing of this offering, include the provisions relating to advancement of expenses and indemnification rights consistent with those set forth in our certificate of incorporation. In addition, our bylaws provide for a right of indemnity to bring a suit in the event a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses is not paid in full by us within a specified period of time. Our bylaws also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect us and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of our corporation or another entity, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.
  Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our bylaws affecting indemnification rights, whether by our Board of Directors, stockholders or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision.
  We will enter into indemnity agreements with each of our officers and directors a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.6 to this Registration Statement. These agreements will require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.
  Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the Underwriters, and the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act.
  Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
    · In February 2019, CR Financial Holdings, Inc., an entity affiliated with Roth Capital Partners, LLC, purchased an aggregate of 100 shares from us for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. On May 26, 2020, we effected a dividend of 28,750 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares outstanding. On May 29, 2020, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and certain of our directors, officers and affiliates of our management team purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. an aggregate of 2,059,019 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $17,904.51. On January 19, 2021 and February 3, 2021, certain affiliates of our management team purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC an aggregate of 239,583 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $2,083.33. On February 9, 2021, we effected a dividend of .50 shares for each share outstanding resulting in there being an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding. That same date, certain of our initial stockholders sold an aggregate of 417,080 shares back to us, which shares were cancelled, and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and certain of our directors and affiliates of our management team purchased from us an aggregate of 417,080 shares, in each case, for an aggregate purchase price of $2,417.86. Also on February 9, 2021, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC purchased from CR Financial Holdings, Inc. 39,931 shares for a purchase price of $231.48. As of the date hereof, there are an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares outstanding, which shares we refer to herein as “founder shares” or “insider shares,” which includes an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. Because these offers and sales were made in transactions not involving a public offering, the shares were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
    · Our stockholders prior to this offering have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 478,000 (or 523,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) units, or “private units,” at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $4,780,000 (or $5,230,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. Because this offer and sale is being made to existing stockholders, the sale does not involve a public offering and is being made in reliance on the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
  No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
  Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
    (a) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement:
  II-4
    Exhibit No.   Description
1.1   Form of Underwriting Agreement.
1.2   Form of Business Combination Marketing Agreement.
3.1*   Certificate of Incorporation.
3.2*   Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation.
3.3*   Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation.
3.4   Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
3.5*   Bylaws.
4.1   Specimen Unit Certificate.
4.2   Specimen Common Stock Certificate.
4.3   Specimen Warrant Certificate.
4.4   Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.
5.1   Opinion of Loeb & Loeb LLP.
10.1   Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and the Company’s officers, directors and stockholders.
10.2   Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.
10.3   Form of Escrow Agreement between the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Initial Stockholders.
10.4   Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant, the Initial Stockholders and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.
10.5   Form of Subscription Agreement among the Registrant, the Initial Stockholders, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC.
10.6   Form of Indemnity Agreement.
14.1   Form of Code of Ethics.
23.1   Consent of Marcum LLP.
23.2   Consent of Loeb & Loeb LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
99.1   Form of Audit Committee Charter.
99.2   Form of Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter.
99.3   Form of Compensation Committee Charter.
99.4*   Consent of James Gold.
99.5   Consent of Molly Hemmeter.
99.6   Consent of Daniel M. Friedberg.
99.7   Consent of Adam Rothstein.
  * Previously filed.
  II-5
    Item 17. Undertakings.
    (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:
    (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:
    i. To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933;
    ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement;
    iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement.
    (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
    (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering.
    (4) That for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933 in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:
    i. Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;
    ii. Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant;
  II-6
      iii. The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and
    iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.
    (5) That for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.
    (b) The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
    (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
    (d) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
    (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
    (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
  II-7
    SIGNATURES
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, on the 10th day of February, 2021.
    ROTH CH ACQUISITION III CO.
        By:
/s/ Byron Roth
  Name: Byron Roth
  Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
  SIGNATURES
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
  Name   Position   Date
          /s/ Byron Roth   Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board   February 10, 2021
Byron Roth        
          /s/ Gordon Roth   Chief Financial Officer   February 10, 2021
Gordon Roth   (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)    
          /s/ John Lipman   Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director   February 10, 2021
John Lipman        
  II-8
 