S-1/A 1 ea133491-s1a1_goldenbridge.htm AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM S-1
As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2021
Registration No. 333-248662        
    UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
  FORM S-1/A
(AMENDMENT NO.1)
 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
  GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its constitutional documents)
  British Virgin Islands   6770   n/a
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)   (Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)   (I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
  15/F, Aubin House
171-172 Gloucester Road
Wanchai, Hong Kong
Tel: (86) 186-0217-2929
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
  Yongsheng Liu
Chief Executive Officer
15/F, Aubin House
171-172 Gloucester Road
Wanchai, Hong Kong
Tel: (86) 186-0217-2929
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
  Copies to:
Mitchell Nussbaum
Giovanni Caruso
Loeb & Loeb LLP
345 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10154
(212) 407-4000
(212) 407-4990 — Facsimile
Barry Grossman, Esq.
Sarah Williams, Esq.
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10105
212-370-1300
  Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
  If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. þ
  If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐
  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐
  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
   Large accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer þ Smaller reporting company þ
    Emerging growth company þ
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐
        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
  Title of each Class of Security being registered   Amount
to be
Registered     Proposed
maximum
offering
price per
share     Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering
Price(1)     Amount of
Registration
Fee  
Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, no par value, one Redeemable Warrant to acquire one-half (1/2) of one Ordinary Share, and one Right to acquire one-tenth of an Ordinary Share(2)     5,750,000     $ 10.00     $ 57,500,000.00     $ 7,463.50  
Ordinary Shares included as part of the Units(2)     5,750,000       —       —       — (3)
Redeemable Warrants included as part of the Units(2)     5,750,000       —       —       — (3)
Rights included as part of the Units     5,750,000       —       —       — (3)
Ordinary Shares underlying Rights included as part of Units(2)     575,000     $ 10.00     $ 5,750,000.00     $ 746.35  
Representative’s Ordinary Shares     28,750     $ 10.00     $ 287,500.00       37.32  
Representative’s Unit Purchase Option     1     $ 100.00     $ 100.00       0.01  
Units underlying the Representative’s Unit Purchase Option     287,500     $ 11.50     $ 3,306,250.00     $ 429.15  
Ordinary Shares underlying the Representative’s Unit Purchase Option     287,500     $ —     $ —     $ — (3)
Warrants underlying the Representative’s Unit Purchase Option     287,500     $ —     $ —     $ — (3)
Rights underlying the Representative’s Unit Purchase     287,500     $ —     $ —     $ — (3)
Ordinary Shares underlying the Rights included as part of the Representative’s Unit Purchase Option     28,750     $ 11.50     $ 330,625.00     $ 42.92  
Total                   $ 67,174,475.00     $ 8,719.25 (4)
  (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o).
  (2) Includes (i) Units, (ii) Ordinary Shares, Redeemable Warrants and Rights underlying such Units and (iii) Ordinary Shares underlying the Rights included in such Units which may be issued on exercise of a 45-day option granted to the Underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any.
  (3) No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g).
    (4) Previously paid.
  The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
            The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.
  PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JANUARY 20, 2021
  $50,000,000
GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
5,000,000 UNITS 
  Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited is a British Virgin Islands company incorporated as a blank check company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although the Company intends to focus on opportunities in the artificial intelligence and any other related technology innovations market.
  This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit that we are offering has a price of $10.00 and consists of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus. Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share, and each ten rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one ordinary share at the closing of a business combination. We will not issue fractional shares. As a result, you must (1) exercise warrants in multiples of two warrants, at a price of $11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus, to validly exercise your warrants; and (2) hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of this offering, and will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation, as described in this prospectus. The exercise price of the warrants is $11.50 per full share.
  We have granted Maxim Group LLC, the representative of the underwriters, a 45-day option to purchase up to 750,000 units (over and above the 5,000,000 units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments, if any. 
  Our sponsor, Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 350,000 units, or “private units,” at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $3,500,000). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. These private units are identical to the units sold as part of the units in this offering, subject to limited exceptions as further described herein. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below.
  There is presently no public market for our units, ordinary shares, warrants or rights. We intend to apply to have our units listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “GBRGU” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq. The ordinary shares, warrants and rights comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 90th day after the date of this prospectus unless Maxim Group LLC determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to our filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering and issuing a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares, warrants and rights will be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols “GBRG,” “GBRGW,” and “GBRGR,” respectively. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq after this offering.
        We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 and have elected to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements.
  Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of this prospectus for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities.
  Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
  No offer or invitation to subscribe for units may be made to the public in the British Virgin Islands.
      Price to Public     Underwriting
Discounts and
Commissions(1)     Proceeds, before
Expenses, to us  
Per Unit   $ 10.00     $ 0.60 (2)   $ 9.40  
Total   $ 50,000,000     $ 3,000,000     $ 47,000,000  
  (1) For further information relating to the underwriters’ compensation, please refer to the section entitled “Underwriting” on page 104 of this prospectus.
  (2) Includes up to $1,750,000, or $0.35 per unit, equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering (or $2,012,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) payable to the underwriters as deferred underwriting discounts and commissions from the funds to be placed in the trust account described in this prospectus. The deferred underwriting discounts and commissions will be released to the underwriters upon consummation of an initial business combination, as described in this prospectus. If the business combination is not consummated, such deferred underwriting discounts and commissions will be forfeited by the underwriters. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions
  Upon consummation of the offering, $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering (whether or not the over-allotment option has been exercised in full or part) will be deposited into a United States-based account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC acting as trustee. Such amount includes $1,750,000, or $0.35 per unit (or $2,012,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters as deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. Except as described in this prospectus, these funds will not be released to us until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination and our liquidation upon our failure to consummate a business combination within the required time period.
  We are offering the units for sale on a firm-commitment basis. Maxim Group LLC, acting as sole book-running manager and representative of the underwriters, expects to deliver our securities to investors in the offering on or about __________, 2021.
  Sole Book-Running Manager
Maxim Group LLC
  _______________, 2021
        GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
TABLE OF CONTENTS
    Page
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 1
    SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA 18
    RISK FACTORS 19
    CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 38
    USE OF PROCEEDS 41
    DIVIDEND POLICY 44
    DILUTION 45
    CAPITALIZATION 47
    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 48
    PROPOSED BUSINESS 52
    MANAGEMENT 68
    PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 76
    CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 78
    DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 80
    SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 94
    TAXATION 95
    UNDERWRITING 104
    LEGAL MATTERS 110
    EXPERTS 110
    WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 110
    INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1
  i
    PROSPECTUS SUMMARY
  This summary highlights certain information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. For a more complete understanding of this offering, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the risk factors and the financial statements. Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus, references to:
  ● “we,” “us” or “our company” refers to Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited;
  ● “initial shareholders” refers to all of our shareholders immediately prior to the date of this prospectus, including all of our officers and directors to the extent they hold such shares;
  ● “insider shares” refers to the 1,437,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders prior to this offering (including up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part);
  ● “private units” refer to the units we are selling privately to our sponsor upon consummation of this offering;
  ● “sponsor” refers to Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, which is owned by our director, Jining Li;
  ● “private rights” refer to the rights underlying the private units;
  ● “private warrants” refer to the warrants underlying the private units;
  ● “US Dollars” and “$” refer to the legal currency of the United States;
  ● “Companies Law” refers to the British Virgin Islands Business Companies Act, 2004 as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time;
  ● the term “public shareholders” means the holders of the ordinary shares which are being sold as part of the units in this public offering, or “public shares,” whether they are purchased in the public offering or in the aftermarket, including any of our initial shareholders to the extent that they purchase such public shares (except that our initial shareholders will not have conversion or tender rights with respect to any public shares they own); and
  ● the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.
  All references in this prospectus to shares of the Company being forfeited shall take effect as surrenders for no consideration of such shares as a matter of the British Virgin Islands law. All references to the conversion of ordinary shares shall take effect as a redemption of ordinary shares and issuance of the corresponding ordinary shares, where applicable, as a matter of British Virgin Islands law.
  You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted.
  General
  We are a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on August 12, 2019 as a business company limited by shares (meaning that our public shareholders have no liability, as shareholders of our company, for the liabilities of our company over and above the amount paid for their shares). We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.” Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location, although we currently intend to focus on opportunities in the artificial intelligence and any other related technology innovations market. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business.
  1
    Our Management Team
  We will seek to capitalize on the comprehensive experience and contacts of our executive officers in consummating an initial business combination. Our management team is comprised of Yongsheng Liu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Yanhong Xue, our Chief Financial Officer, and Ray Chen, our Chief Operating Officer. Our management team brings a wealth of experience in identifying, negotiating with and conducting due diligence on potential candidates for acquisition.
  Mr. Liu and Mr. Chen have experience with initial public offerings and business combinations for blank check companies. They have worked together on the formation, initial public offering and business combination for Wealthbridge Acquisition Limited (“Wealthbridge”). Mr. Liu served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Wealthbridge which consummated an initial public offering in February 2019 and closed its business combination with Scienjoy Inc. (“Scienjoy”) in May 2020, and has been serving as vice chairman of Scienjoy’s board of director since May 2020. Mr. Chen served as Chief Operating Officer of Wealthbridge until May 2020 and currently serves as investor relation consultant of Scienjoy.
  Mr. Liu has over 10 years of experience in mergers and acquisitions, including cross-border transactions involving the United States and China, which Mr. Liu actively participated in (in a variety capacities) from initial deal sourcing and negotiations through consummation. Mr. Chen also has over 10 years of extensive experience with mergers and acquisitions, especially with respect to target sourcing, deal structuring, and investment relations. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Xue, has over 20 years of extensive experience in financial reporting, financial due diligence, U.S. public companies and post-merger rule compliance and her connections to investments and businesses operated by ethnic minorities in U.S., which we believe, will be a source of potential targets for us.
  With a management team with experience in merger and acquisitions for blank check companies, connections to the Asian-American community in the United States, and experience in business development, we believe we can source attractive deals and find compelling investment opportunities from private and public sources to create value for shareholders. See the section titled “Management” for complete information on the experience of our officers and directors.
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs and will allocate their time to other businesses, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). As more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under the British Virgin Islands law, prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Most of our officers and directors currently have certain pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations.
  In addition, past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. Furthermore, the members of the management team may not remain with us subsequent to the consummation of a business combination. 
  Competitive Advantages 
  Experienced Management Team with Proven Track Record
  Our management team has a proven track record of successful executing business combination and generating attractive return for investors as evidenced by the completion of business combination between Wealthbridge and Scienjoy in May 2020.
  2
    Together with our management team, we believe we have a broad network of contacts and corporate relationship that makes us efficient at:
  ● Sourcing and evaluating businesses, and
  ● Bridging cultural differences to negotiate and execute a transaction in a timely and professional manner
  By leveraging our management team’s industry expertise, performing disciplined due diligence, being cautious downside protection, and providing post-acquisition value-add capabilities, we believe that we will be able to acquire a target business that will achieve significant returns for investors.
  Status as a Publicly Listed Company
  We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering. We believe that target businesses will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional initial public offering. During an initial public offering, there are typically expenses incurred in marketing, which would be costlier than a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our shareholders (if applicable) and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with shareholders’ interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs.
  Strong Financial Position and Flexibility
  With the funds held in our trust account, we can offer a target business a variety of options to facilitate a business combination and fund future expansion and growth of its business. Because we are able to consummate a business combination using the cash proceeds from this offering, our share capital, debt or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use an efficient structure allowing us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to address the needs of the parties. However, if a business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay for the purchase price, we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing.
  Acquisition Strategy
  Our acquisition strategy will seek to capitalize on M&A and operational expertise and relationship of both our management team and our board of directors, to identify attractive businesses that have capacity to grow rapidly by utilizing a public vehicle. Although we are not limited to any particular industry, we intend to primarily focus on companies operating in the Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) industry. There is no restriction in the geographic location of targets that we can pursue, although we intend to initially prioritize geographic locations in North America, as our officers and directors consist of successful entrepreneurs and senior executives with decades of operating and M&A experiences in the region.
  AI has the potential to improve social productivity, bring disruptive changes to people’s production and life including lower labor cost, better products and services, new markets and more employment opportunities and is growing fully commercialized and bring profound changes to all industries. AI technologies have been deployed in financial, healthcare, security and a number of other areas, with widening application scenarios. It is an industry above all industries. Considering the growing impact of AI on social and economic development, US, Asia and European Union have released favorable policies to include AI into national strategies.
  3
    Acquisition Criteria
  The focus of our management team is to create shareholder value by leveraging its experience to improve the efficiency of the business while implementing strategies to grow revenue and profits organically and/or through acquisitions. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we see fit to do so:
  ● Niche Deal Size
  We intend to acquire companies with enterprise values of between $150 million and $300 million that are preferably already cash-generative. We believe we have greater access to companies within this range and the negotiation process is generally less time consuming than companies that are much larger.
  ● Long-term Revenue Visibility with Defensible Market Position
  We intend to seek target companies that are at an inflection point, such as those requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate by developing new products or services, or where we believe we can drive improved financial performance and where an acquisition may help facilitate growth.
  ● Benefits from Being a U.S. Public Company (Value Creation and Marketing Opportunities)
  We intend to seek target companies that should offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our shareholders. We intend to seek to acquire a target on terms and in a manner that leverages our experience. We expect to evaluate financial returns based on (i) the potential for organic growth in cash flows, (ii) the ability to achieve cost savings, (iii) the ability to accelerate growth, including through the opportunity for follow-on acquisitions and (iv) the prospects for creating value through other value creation initiatives. Potential upside from growth in the target business’ earnings and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks.
  These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
  Other Acquisition Considerations
  We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
  4
    Effecting a Business Combination
  We will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of our proposed business combination or allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do so, we will have the flexibility to avoid a shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
  We will have until 12 months from the consummation of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination three times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC on the date of this prospectus, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each three months extension, $500,000, or $575,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. The insiders will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender’s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. In the event of our liquidation and subsequent dissolution, the public rights will expire and will be worthless.
  5
    If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within this time period, we will liquidate the trust account and distribute the proceeds held therein to our public shareholders and dissolve. If we are forced to liquidate, we anticipate that we would distribute to our public shareholders the amount in the trust account calculated as of the date that is two days prior to the distribution date (including any accrued interest). Prior to such distribution, we would be required to assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us by our creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such amounts, as creditors take priority over our public shareholders with respect to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them as an unlawful payment in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation.
  Pursuant to the Nasdaq listing rules, our initial business combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such business combination, although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several target businesses. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Our board of directors will have broad discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of any prospective target business. The target business or businesses that we acquire may have a collective fair market value substantially in excess of 80% of the trust account balance. We will not be required to comply with the 80% fair market value requirement if we are delisted from NASDAQ. 
  We are not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party that the target business we select has a fair market value in excess of at least 80% of the balance of the trust account unless our board of directors cannot make such determination on its own. We are also not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party indicating that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view unless the target is affiliated with our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates.
  We currently anticipate structuring our initial business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, only the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% fair market value test.
  6
    Emerging Growth Company Status and Other Information
  We are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
  We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period. 
  Private Placements
  In August 2019, 10,000 shares were sold. In September 2020, the Company issued another 1,427,500 ordinary shares resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “insider shares,” for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. The insider shares held by our initial shareholders include an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our initial shareholders will collectively own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (excluding the sale of the private units and assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase units in this offering). None of our initial shareholders has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering.
  The insider shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering. However, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, (A) to vote their insider shares (as well as any public shares acquired in or after this offering) in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop our public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or 21 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this prospectus) unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any insider shares (as well as any other shares acquired in or after this offering) into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination (or sell any shares they hold to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity and (D) that the insider shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider shares, six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 
  7
    In addition, our sponsor, has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 350,000 private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $3,500,000). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in an trust account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as trustee.
  The private units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Additionally, because the private units will be issued in a private transaction, our sponsor and its permitted transferees will be allowed to exercise the private warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares. Furthermore, our sponsor has agreed (A) to vote the ordinary shares underlying the private units, or “private shares,” in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop our public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or 21 months, as applicable) unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any private shares for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity and (D) that the private shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Our sponsor has also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the insider shares must agree to, each as described above) until the completion of our initial business combination. 
  If public units or shares are purchased by any of our directors, officers or initial shareholders, they will be entitled to funds from the trust account to the same extent as any public shareholder upon our liquidation but will not have redemption rights related thereto.
  Corporate Information
  Our principal executive office is located at 15/F, Aubin House, 171-172 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, and our telephone number is (86) 186-0217-2929.
  8
    The Offering
  In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of this prospectus.
  Securities offered   5,000,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant, and one right. Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per full share. Because the warrants may only be exercised for whole numbers of shares, only an even number of warrants may be exercised at any given time. Every ten rights entitles the holder to receive one ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination.
      Listing of our securities and proposed symbols   We anticipate the units, and the ordinary shares, warrants and rights, once they begin separate trading, will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “GBRGU,” “GBRG,” “GBRGW,” and “GBRGR,” respectively.
          Each of the ordinary shares, warrants and rights may trade separately on the 52th day after the date of this prospectus unless Maxim Group LLC determines that an earlier date is acceptable (based upon, among other things, its assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets and small capitalization and blank check companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular). In no event will Maxim Group LLC allow separate trading of the ordinary shares, warrants and rights until we file an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering.
          Once the ordinary shares, warrants and rights commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into separately trading ordinary shares, warrants and rights.
          We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, including an audited balance sheet, promptly upon the consummation of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date the units commence trading. The audited balance sheet will reflect our receipt of the proceeds from the exercise of the over-allotment option if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K or a new Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in the Form 8-K, or amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if Maxim Group LLC has allowed separate trading of the ordinary shares, warrants and rights prior to the 52th day after the date of this prospectus.
      Ordinary shares:    
      Number issued and outstanding before this offering and the private placement   1,437,500 shares(1)
      Number to be issued and outstanding after this offering and sale of private units   6,625,000 shares(2)
  (1) This number includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full.
  (2) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders have been forfeited. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, there will be a total of 7,566,250 ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
  9
    Redeemable Warrants:    
      Number issued and outstanding before this offering and the private placement   0 warrants
      Number to be issued and outstanding after this offering and sale of private units   5,350,000 warrants(3)
      Exercisability   Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only an even number of warrants may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 
  (3) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, there will be a total of 6,100,000 warrants, including an aggregate of 350,000 private warrants.
  Exercise price  
$11.50 per whole share. No public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. It is our current intention to have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares in effect promptly following consummation of an initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 60 days following the consummation of our initial business combination, public warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the day prior to the date of exercise. For example, if a holder held 300 warrants to purchase 150 shares and the fair market value on the date prior to exercise was $15.00, that holder would receive 35 shares without the payment of any additional cash consideration. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis.
  In addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.50 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Price”) is below $9.50 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the Market Price, and the $16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165% of the Market Value. 
      Exercise period   The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of this offering. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of the closing date of the initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption.
  10
    Redemption   We may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants and warrants underlying the units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans but including any outstanding warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option issued to Maxim Group LLC), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
          ●    at any time while the warrants are exercisable,
          ●    upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption,
          ●    if, and only if, the last sales price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption, and
          ●    if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
          If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the ordinary shares may fall below the $16.50 trigger price as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price per full share after the redemption notice is issued and not limit our ability to complete the redemption. 
          The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.
          If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis” will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances.
      Rights:    
      Number issued and outstanding before this offering and the private placement   0 rights
      Number to be issued and outstanding after this offering and sale of private units   5,350,000 rights(4)
      Terms of Rights   Except in cases where we are not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. We will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the British Virgin Islands law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we redeem the public shares for the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire worthless.
  11
    Offering proceeds to be held in trust   $46,500,000 of the net proceeds of this offering (or $54,000,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), plus $3,500,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units, for an aggregate of $50,000,000 (or an aggregate of $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering (regardless of whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part) will be placed in a trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the United States, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, acting as trustee pursuant to an agreement to be signed on the date of this prospectus. Such amount includes $1,750,000, or up to $0.35 per unit (or $2,012,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters as deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. Pursuant to the investment management trust agreement that will govern the investment of such funds, the trustee, upon our written instructions, will direct J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to invest the funds as set forth in such written instructions and to custody the funds while invested and until otherwise instructed in accordance with the investment management trust agreement. The remaining $1,750,000 of net proceeds of this offering (or $1,562,500 if the over-allotment option is fully exercised) will not be held in the trust account.
          Except as set forth below, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination within the required time period and (2) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period. Therefore, unless and until our initial business combination is consummated, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be available for our use for any expenses related to this offering or expenses which we may incur related to the investigation and selection of a target business and the negotiation of an agreement in connection with our initial business combination.
  (4) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, there will be a total of 6,100,000 rights, including an aggregate 350,000 private rights.
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, there will be released to us from the trust account any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we need to pay our income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account (estimated to initially be $1,750,000 if the over-allotment option is not exercised); provided, however, that in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 55,000 ordinary shares (which includes 5,000 ordinary shares issuable underlying rights) and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted). If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available. 
  12
    Limited payments to insiders   Prior to the consummation of a business combination, there will be no fees, reimbursements or other cash payments paid to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than:
          ●      repayment at the closing of this offering of an aggregate of approximately $240,000 of loans made by our sponsor, which is owned by Jining Li, our director;
          ●      payment of $10,000 per month to Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the sponsor, for office space and related services, subject to deferral as described herein, and HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,451 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021) per month will be paid to Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, for his services to us;
          ●      repayment at the closing of this offering of loans which may be made by our insiders, officers, directors or any of its or their affiliates to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined; and
          ●      reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets and business combinations.
          There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial shareholder or member of our management team, or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.
      Shareholder approval of, or tender offer in connection with, initial business combination   In connection with any proposed initial business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each public shareholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. If enough shareholders tender their shares so that we are unable to satisfy any applicable closing condition set forth in the definitive agreement related to our initial business combination, or we are unable to maintain net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001, we will not consummate such initial business combination. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction, or whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do so, we will have the flexibility to avoid a shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 
  13
        We have determined not to consummate any business combination unless we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation in order to avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. The $5,000,001 net tangible asset value would be determined once a target business is located and we can assess all of the assets and liabilities of the combined company.
          However, if we seek to consummate a business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such business combination, the net tangible asset requirement may limit our ability to consummate such a business combination and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all.
      Our initial shareholders, officers and directors, have agreed (i) to vote their insider shares, private shares and any public shares purchased in or after this offering in favor of any proposed business combination and (ii) not to convert any shares (including the insider shares) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve, or sell their shares to us in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed initial business combination. As a result, if we sought shareholder approval of a proposed transaction we could need as little as 56,251 of our public shares (or approximately 1.12% of our public shares) to be voted in favor of the transaction in order to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and the initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering or units or shares in the after-market). None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or ordinary shares in the open market or in private transactions (other than the private units). However, if a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. There is no limit on the amount of shares that may be purchased by the insiders. Any purchases would be made in compliance with federal securities laws, including the fact that all material information will be made public prior to such purchase, and no purchases would be made if such purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock.
      Conversion rights   In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public shareholder will have the right, regardless of whether he, she or it is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his, her or its public shares into a pro rata share of the trust account upon consummation of the business combination.
  14
        Whether we elect to effectuate our initial business combination via shareholder vote or tender offer, we may require public shareholders wishing to exercise conversion rights, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender the certificates they are seeking to convert to our transfer agent or to deliver the shares they are seeking to convert to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit / Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by traditional blank check companies. In order to perfect conversion rights in connection with their business combinations, many traditional blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise its conversion rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for it to deliver its certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an “option window” after the consummation of the business combination during which it could monitor the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose above the conversion price, it could sell its shares in the open market before actually delivering his shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the conversion rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become an “option” right surviving past the consummation of the business combination until the converting holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the closing of the shareholder meeting ensures that a holder’s election to convert is irrevocable once the business combination is completed.
          Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are required to give a minimum of only ten days’ notice for each general meeting. As a result, if we require public shareholders who wish to convert their ordinary shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to.
          If we require public shareholders who wish to convert their ordinary shares to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion described above and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public shareholders.
          Please see the risk factors titled “In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights” and “If we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion, such converting shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved.”
          Once the shares are converted by the holder, and effectively redeemed by us under the British Virgin Islands law, the transfer agent will then update our Register of Members to reflect all conversions.
  15
    Automatic liquidation if no business combination   As described above, if we fail to consummate a business combination within 12 months (or 21 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this prospectus) from the consummation of this offering, it will trigger our automatic winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As a result, this has the same effect as if we had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the Companies Law. Accordingly, no vote would be required from our shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination three times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association  and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC on the date of this prospectus, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each three months extension $500,000, or $575,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. The insiders will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender’s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. 
          The amount in the trust account (including the deferred underwriting compensation) will be available for distribution under the Companies Law provided that immediately following the date on which the proposed distribution is to be made, we are able to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business, and the value of the Company’s assets exceed its liabilities. If we are forced to liquidate, we anticipate that we would distribute to our public shareholders the amount in the trust account calculated as of the date that is two days prior to the distribution date (including any accrued interest).
          Prior to such distribution, we would be required to assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us by our creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such amounts, as creditors take priority over our public shareholders with respect to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them as voidable transaction in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation. Furthermore, while we will seek to have all vendors and service providers (which would include any third parties we engaged to assist us in any way in connection with our search for a target business) and prospective target businesses execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account or that a court would conclude that such agreements are legally enforceable.
          The holders of the insider shares and private units will not participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to such securities.
  16
        Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, which is owned by our director, Jining Li, has contractually agreed pursuant to a written agreement with us that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination, it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. Accordingly, if a claim brought by a target business or vendor did not exceed the amount of funds available to us outside of the trust account, Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited would not have any obligation to indemnify such claims as they would be paid from such available funds. However, if a claim exceeded such amounts, the only exceptions to Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited’s obligations to pay such claim would be if the party executed an agreement waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind it has in or to any monies held in the trust account. We cannot assure you that Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited will be able to satisfy these obligations if it is required to do so. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the per-share distribution from the trust account, if we liquidate the trust account because we have not completed a business combination within the required time period, and assuming that we do not extend out life beyond 12 months prior to a business combination, will not be less than $10.00. 
          We will pay the costs of liquidating the trust account from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, which is owned by our director, Jining Li, has contractually agreed to advance us the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately $18,500) and has contractually agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. 
          The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions held in the trust account in the event we do not consummate a business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or 21 months, as applicable) and in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares. 
      Indemnity   Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
  17
    RISKS
  We are a blank check company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company, as well as the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act and, therefore, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison to offerings of blank check companies subject to Rule 419.” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of this prospectus.
  SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA
  The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data are presented.
      As of September 30, 2020  
    Actual     As Adjusted (1)  
    (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)  
Balance Sheet Data:            
Working capital (deficit)   $ (215,722 )   $
49,859,323
  Total assets   $ 111,235     $ 51,609,323  
Total liabilities   $ 252,012     $ 1,750,000 (2)
Value of ordinary shares subject to possible conversion/tender   $ -     $ 44,859,320  
Shareholders’ equity (deficit)   $ (140,777 )   $ 5,000,003  
  (1) Includes the $2,250,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units.
  (2) The “as adjusted” total liabilities represents up to $1,750,000 of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that would be payable in the event that the maximum number of shareholders redeemed their shares. The actual liabilities of $252,012 at September 30, 2020 represents $12,500 of accrued expenses and $239,512 of a related party loan from our sponsor, which is owned by Jining Li, our director, which will be repaid using the proceeds received from the offering on the date the offering is consummated. The $1,750,000 of deferred underwriting discounts is not due until an initial business combination is consummated, for which we have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate (or 21 months if our time to complete a business combination is extended as described herein).
  The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the sale of the units we are offering, including the application of the related gross proceeds and the payment of the estimated remaining costs from such sale and the repayment of the accrued and other liabilities required to be repaid.
  The “as adjusted” working capital amount includes the $50,000,000 to be held in the trust account, plus approximately $500,000 in cash held outside the trust account, less $140,777 of actual shareholders’ deficit at September 30, 2020, plus $100 for the sale of the unit purchase option, and less the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions of up to $1,750,000 that would be payable in the event that the maximum number of shareholders redeemed their shares, which, except for limited situations described in this prospectus, will be available to us only upon the consummation of our initial business combination within the time period described in this prospectus.
  The “as adjusted” total assets amount includes the $50,000,000 to be held in the trust account, plus approximately $1,750,000 in cash held outside the trust account, less $140,777 of actual shareholders’ deficit at September 30, 2020, and plus $100 for the sale of the unit purchase option. If our initial business combination is not consummated, the trust account, less amounts we are permitted to withdraw as described in this prospectus, will be distributed solely to our public shareholders (subject to our obligations under British Virgin Islands law to provide for claims of creditors). The actual deferred offering costs of $74,945 will be reclassified as a charge to additional paid-in capital from the gross proceeds in connection with the consummation of the offering. Any additional offering costs will also be charged to additional paid-in capital.
  We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
  18
    RISK FACTORS
  An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the material risks described below, which we believe represent the material risks related to the offering, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. This prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below.
  Risks Associated with Our Business
  We are a blank check company with no operating history and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
  We are a blank check company with no operating results to date. Therefore, our ability to commence operations is dependent upon obtaining financing through the public offering of our securities. Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We have not conducted any discussions and we have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective acquisition candidates. We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest, after the consummation of a business combination.
  Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.”
  As of September 30, 2020, we had $36,290 in cash and a working capital deficit of $215,722. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. The report of our independent registered public accountants on our financial statements includes an explanatory paragraph stating that our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on the consummation of this offering. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our ability to continue as a going concern. Moreover, there is no assurance that we will consummate our initial business combination. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
  If we are unable to consummate a business combination, our public shareholders may be forced to wait more than 12 months (or 21 months if we have extended the period of time as described in this prospectus) before receiving liquidation distributions.
  We have 12 months from the consummation of this offering in which to complete a business combination (or 21 months if we have extended the period of time as described in this prospectus). We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless we consummate a business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert their shares. Only after the expiration of this full time period will public shareholders be entitled to liquidation distributions if we are unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly, investors’ funds may be unavailable to them until after such date and to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your securities potentially at a loss.
  The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within a specific period of time may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination and may limit the amount of time we have to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to consummate our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.
  We have 12 months from the consummation of this offering to complete an initial business combination (or 21 months if we have extended the period of time as described in this prospectus). Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time limits referenced above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
  19
    You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies.
  Since the net proceeds of this offering are intended to be used to complete a business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, since we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors of blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability of our securities, restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and require us to complete a business combination within 21 months from the closing of the offering. Because we are not subject to Rule 419, our units will be immediately tradable, we will be entitled to withdraw amounts from the funds held in the trust account prior to the completion of a business combination and we may have more time to complete an initial business combination.
  We may issue additional ordinary or preferred shares or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our shareholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association currently authorize the issuance of an unlimited number of shares of a single class each with no par value. Although we have no commitment as of the date of this offering, we may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares, or a combination of ordinary shares and preferred shares, to complete a business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares:
    ● may significantly reduce the equity interest of investors in this offering;
    ● may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preferred shares with rights senior to those afforded to our ordinary shares;
    ● may cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and
    ● may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our ordinary shares.
  Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in:
    ● default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
    ● acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
    ● our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and
    ● our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding.
        ● our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;
        ● using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
        ● limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
        ● increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
        ● limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
  20
    We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.
  Since we have not yet identified any prospective target business, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, or the obligation to convert into cash (or purchase in any tender offer) a significant number of shares from dissenting shareholders, we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after a business combination.
  If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share liquidation price received by shareholders may be less than $10.00.
  Our placing of funds in trust may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the monies held in the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of our public shareholders. If we liquidate the trust account before the completion of a business combination, Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, which is owned by our director, Jining Li, has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us and which have not executed a waiver agreement. However, it may not be able to meet such obligation. Therefore, the per-share distribution from the trust account in such a situation may be less than $10.00, plus interest, due to such claims.
  Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will continue in existence only until 12 (or 21) months from the consummation of this offering if a business combination has not been consummated by such time. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination during such time period, it will trigger our automatic winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them pursuant to such process and any liability of our shareholders may extend beyond the date of such distribution. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that third parties, or us under the control of an official liquidator, will not seek to recover from our shareholders amounts owed to them by us.
  If at any time we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of the Insolvency Act, 2003 of the British Virgin Islands, as amended, (the “Insolvency Act”) or we are required to immediately enter insolvent liquidation, in these circumstances, a liquidator will be appointed who will give notice to our creditors inviting them to submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location where the company has its principal place of business, and taking any other steps he or she considers appropriate, after which our assets would be distributed. Following the process of insolvent liquidation, the liquidator will complete its final report and accounts and will then notify the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (the “Registrar”). The liquidator may determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors’ claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our assets to our public shareholders. In such liquidation proceedings, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete the trust account we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public shareholders the amounts otherwise payable to them.
  21
    If we are deemed insolvent, then there are also limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a “voidable transaction” for the purposes of the Insolvency Act if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fell due in the ordinary course of business. A voidable transaction would be, for these purposes, payments made as “unfair preferences” or “transactions at an undervalue.” Where a payment was a risk of being a voidable transaction, a liquidator appointed over an insolvent company could apply to the British Virgin Islands Court for an order, inter alia, for the transaction to be set aside as a voidable transaction in whole or in part. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
  Our initial shareholders have waived their right to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the initial shares. If we are unable to consummate a transaction within the required time period, upon notice from us, the trustee of the trust account will distribute the amount in our trust account to our public shareholders. Concurrently, we shall pay, or reserve for payment, from funds not held in trust, our liabilities and obligations, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If there are insufficient funds held outside the trust account for such purpose, Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, which is owned by our director, Jining Li, has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us and which have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure you that the liquidator will not determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors’ claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). We also cannot assure you that a creditor or shareholder will not file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our assets to our public shareholders. 
  Holders of warrants and rights will not have redemption rights if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period.
  If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we redeem and distribute the funds held in the trust account, the warrants and rights will expire and holders will not receive any of such proceeds with respect to the warrants or rights.
  We have no obligation to net cash settle the warrants or rights.
  In no event will we have any obligation to net cash settle the warrants or rights. Accordingly, the warrants and rights may expire worthless.
  If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the redeemable warrants, public holders will only be able to exercise such redeemable warrants on a “cashless basis” which would result in a fewer number of shares being issued to the holder had such holder exercised the redeemable warrants for cash.
  Except as set forth below, if we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis,” provided that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of ordinary shares that a holder will receive upon exercise of its warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised its warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the private warrants may be exercisable for unregistered ordinary shares for cash even if the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and effective.
  22
    An investor will only be able to exercise warrants if the issuance of ordinary shares upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants.
  No warrants will be exercisable for cash and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless the ordinary shares issuable upon such exercise have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. At the time that the warrants become exercisable, we expect to continue to be listed on a national securities exchange, which would provide an exemption from registration in every state. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. If the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold.
  Our management’s ability to require holders of our redeemable warrants to exercise such redeemable warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer ordinary shares upon their exercise of the redeemable warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their redeemable warrants for cash.
  If we call our warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrants (including any warrants held by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrants for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company.
  We may amend the terms of the warrants in a way that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants.
  Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
  Since we have not yet selected a particular industry or target business with which to complete a business combination, we are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate.
  While we intend to focus our search for target businesses on specific locations and industries as described in this prospectus, we are not limited to those locations and may consummate a business combination with a company in any location or industry we choose. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete a business combination with a company in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business.
  23
    The requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete such a business combination with.
  Pursuant to the Nasdaq listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for our taxes) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete a business combination. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account.
  If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the fair market value requirement described above and could complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below 80% of the balance in the trust account.
  Our ability to successfully effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
  Our ability to successfully effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us.
  The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following a business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place or be hired after consummation of the business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.
  Our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire.
  While we intend to focus our search for target businesses within the locations and industries as described in this prospectus, we may consummate a business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding a business combination. If we become aware of a potential business combination outside of the geographic location or industry where our officers and directors have the most experience, our management may retain consultants and advisors with experience in such industries to assist in the evaluation of such business combination and in our determination of whether or not to proceed with such a business combination. However, our management is not required to engage consultants or advisors in any situation. If they do not engage any consultants or advisors to assist them in the evaluation of a particular target business or business combination, our management may not properly analyze the risks attendant with such target business or business combination. Even if our management does engage consultants or advisors to assist in the evaluation of a particular target business or business combination, we cannot assure you that such consultants or advisors will properly analyze the risks attendant with such target business or business combination. As a result, we may enter into a business combination that is not in our shareholders’ best interests.
  Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
  Our key personnel will be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business.
  24
    Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby potentially limiting the amount of time they devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination.
  Our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which could create a conflict of interest when allocating their time between our operations and their other commitments. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. All of our officers and directors are engaged in several other business endeavors and are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our affairs. If our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to such affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. We cannot assure you these conflicts will be resolved in our favor.
  Our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
  Our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies, including other companies that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination. As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. For a more detailed description of the pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations of our management team, and the potential conflicts of interest that such obligations may present, see the section titled “Management — Conflicts of Interest.”
  Our officers’ and directors’ personal and financial interests may influence their motivation in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business combination.
  Our officers and directors have waived their right to convert (or sell to us in any tender offer) their insider shares or any other ordinary shares acquired in this offering or thereafter (although none of these insiders have indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or thereafter), or to receive distributions with respect to their insider shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Our sponsor, has also waived its right to convert (or sell to us in any tender offer) its private shares or any other ordinary shares acquired in this offering or thereafter (although it has not indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or thereafter), or to receive distributions with respect to their private shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Accordingly, these securities will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us after this offering and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders’ best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of British Virgin Islands law and we might have a claim against such individuals. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 
   Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
  We anticipate that our securities will be listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, a national securities exchange, upon consummation of this offering. Although, after giving effect to this offering, we meet on a pro forma basis the minimum initial listing standards of Nasdaq, which generally only requires that we meet certain requirements relating to shareholders’ equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future prior to an initial business combination. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.
  25
    If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
    ● a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
    ● reduced liquidity with respect to our securities;
    ● a determination that our ordinary shares are “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our ordinary shares;
    ● a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and
    ● a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
  We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services.
  We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
    ● solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or
    ● dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
  This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination.
  Alternatively, if we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
  The ability of our public shareholders to exercise their conversion rights or sell their public shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
  If our business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many public shareholders may exercise conversion rights or seek to sell their public shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon such conversion, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business transaction. In the event that the business combination involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.
  26
    We may be unable to consummate a business combination if a target business requires that we have cash in excess of the minimum amount we are required to have at closing and public shareholders may have to remain shareholders of our company and wait until our liquidation to receive a pro rata share of the trust account or attempt to sell their shares in the open market.
  A potential target may make it a closing condition to our business combination that we have a certain amount of cash in excess of the $5,000,001 of net tangible assets we are required to have pursuant to our organizational documents available at the time of closing. If the number of our shareholders electing to exercise their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer has the effect of reducing the amount of money available to us to consummate a business combination below such minimum amount required by the target business and we are not able to locate an alternative source of funding, we will not be able to consummate such business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. In that case, public shareholders may have to remain shareholders of our company and wait the full 12 (or 21) months in order to be able to receive a pro rata portion of the trust account, or attempt to sell their shares in the open market prior to such time, in which case they may receive less than a pro rata share of the trust account for their shares.
  Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination.
  We intend to hold a shareholder vote before we consummate our initial business combination. However, if a shareholder vote is not required, for business or legal reasons, we may conduct conversions via a tender offer and not offer our shareholders the opportunity to vote on a proposed business combination. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination.
  In connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public shareholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed business combination and still seek conversion of his, her or its public shares, which may make it more likely that we will consummate a business combination.
  In connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public shareholder the right to have his, her or its public shares converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus) regardless of whether such shareholder votes for or against such proposed business combination. Furthermore, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Accordingly, public shareholders owning shares sold in this offering may exercise their conversion rights and we could still consummate a proposed business combination so long as a majority of shares voted at the meeting are voted in favor of the proposed business combination. This is different than other similarly structured blank check companies where shareholders are offered the right to convert their shares only when they vote against a proposed business combination. This is also different than other similarly structured blank check companies where there is a specific number of shares sold in the offering which must not exercise conversion rights for the company to complete a business combination. The lack of such a threshold and the ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of a proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
   In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights.
  In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public shareholder will have the right, regardless of whether it is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert its public shares into a share of the trust account. Such conversion will be effectuated under British Virgin Islands law and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as a redemption of the shares, with the redemption price to be paid being the applicable pro rata portion of the monies held in the trust account. We may require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s (“DTC”) DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or prior to the vote taken at the shareholder meeting relating to such business combination. In order to obtain a physical share certificate, a shareholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that shareholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. It is also our understanding that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System. However, this too may not be the case. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for shareholders to deliver their shares, shareholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares.
  27
    Investors may not have sufficient time to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion.
  Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are required to give a minimum of only ten days’ notice for each general meeting. As a result, if we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to.
  If we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion, such converting shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved.
  If we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion described above and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public shareholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other shareholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell their securities.
   Because of our limited resources and structure, other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination.
  We expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking shareholder approval of a business combination may delay or prevent the consummation of a transaction, a risk a target business may not be willing to accept. Additionally, our outstanding warrants, rights and unit purchase options, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination.
  Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
  Upon consummation of our offering and the private placement, our initial shareholders will collectively own approximately 24.15% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our memorandum and articles of association. None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or ordinary shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions (other than the private units). However, if our initial shareholders purchase any units in this offering or if our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to assist us in consummating our initial business combination, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our ordinary shares. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, all of our initial shareholders, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the ordinary shares owned by them immediately before this offering as well as any ordinary shares acquired in this offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination.
  There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or general meetings to elect directors. Accordingly, shareholders would not have the right to such a meeting or election of directors, unless the holders of not less than 10% of the voting rights of our company request such a meeting. As a result, it is unlikely that there will be an annual general meeting to elect new directors prior to the consummation of a business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights for up to 21 months. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business combination.
  28
    Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share, for the insider shares and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our ordinary shares. 
  The difference between the public offering price per share and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to the investors in this offering. Our initial shareholders acquired their insider shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon consummation of this offering, you and the other new investors will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 79.4% or $7.2 per share (the difference between the public offering price per share (including the ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of rights) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $1.87 per share). This is because investors in this offering will be contributing approximately 93.4% of the total amount paid to us for our outstanding securities after this offering but will only own approximately 77.1% of our outstanding securities (including the ordinary shares underlying the rights). Accordingly, the per-share purchase price you will be paying substantially exceeds our per share net tangible book value. 
  Our outstanding warrants, rights and unit purchase options may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effect a business combination.
  We will be issuing warrants that will result in the issuance of up to 2,500,000 ordinary shares as part of the units offered by this prospectus and private warrants that will result in the issuance of an additional 175,000 ordinary shares. We will also be issuing rights that will result in the issuance of up to 500,000 ordinary shares as part of the units offered by this prospectus and private rights that will result in the issuance of an additional 35,000 ordinary shares. We will also issue unit purchase options to purchase 250,000 units to the representative of the underwriters which, if exercised, will result in the issuance of 275,000 ordinary shares (which includes 25,000 shares underlying rights) and warrants exercisable to purchase an additional 125,000 ordinary shares. The potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of the warrants and conversion of the rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when converted, will increase the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants, rights and unit purchase options may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants, rights and unit purchase options could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent these warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings.
  If our shareholders exercise their registration rights with respect to their securities, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination.
  Our initial shareholders are entitled to make a demand that we register the resale of their insider shares (1,437,500 ordinary shares, including up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part) at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the purchasers of the private units and our initial shareholders, officers and directors are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the 350,000 ordinary shares underlying the private units, 175,000 ordinary shares underlying the private warrants, and the 35,000 ordinary shares underlying the private rights and any securities our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans or loans to extend our life made to us at any time after we consummate a business combination. The presence of these additional securities trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the shareholders of the target business may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our ordinary shares. 
  If we are deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination.
  A company that, among other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account only in United States government treasury bills, notes or bonds having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United States treasuries, we believe that we will not be considered to be an investment company pursuant to the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
  29
    If we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it more difficult for us to complete a business combination, including:
  ● restrictions on the nature of our investments; and
    ● restrictions on the issuance of securities.
  In addition, we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including:
    ● registration as an investment company;
    ● adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and
    ● reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
  Compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense that we have not provided for.
  We may not seek an opinion from an unaffiliated third party as to the fair market value of the target business we acquire.
  We are not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party that the target business we select has a fair market value in excess of at least 80% of the balance of the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) unless our board of directors cannot make such determination on its own. We are also not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party indicating that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view unless the target is affiliated with our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, whose collective experience in business evaluations for blank check companies like ours is not significant. Furthermore, our directors may have a conflict of interest in analyzing the transaction due to their personal and financial interests.
  We may acquire a target business that is affiliated with our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates.
  While we do not currently intend to pursue an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates, we are not prohibited from pursuing such a transaction, nor are we prohibited from consummating a business combination where any of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates acquire a minority interest in the target business alongside our acquisition, provided in each case we obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party indicating that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. These affiliations could cause our officers or directors to have a conflict of interest in analyzing such transactions due to their personal and financial interests.
  The determination of the offering price of our units is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry.
  Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants and rights were negotiated between us and the representative of the underwriters. Factors considered in determining the prices and terms of the units, including the ordinary shares, warrants and rights underlying the units, include:
    ● the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
    ● prior offerings of those companies;
    ● our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
    ● our capital structure;
    ● the per share amount of net proceeds being placed in the trust account;
    ● an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; and
    ● general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the offering.
  30
    However, although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results to compare them to.
  Because we are incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited.
  We are a company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and certain of our officers and directors are residents of jurisdictions outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.
  Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) or the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under British Virgin Islands law are to a large extent governed by the Companies Law and common law of the British Virgin Islands. The common law of the British Virgin Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the British Virgin Islands as well as from English common law, and whilst the decisions of the English courts are of persuasive authority, they are not binding on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands law are different from statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and some states, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, while statutory provisions do exist in British Virgin Islands law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, shareholders in the British Virgin Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances in which any such action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect to any such action, may result in the rights of shareholders of a British Virgin Islands company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States. Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred.
  We have been advised by our British Virgin Islands legal counsel that the courts of the British Virgin Islands are unlikely:
    ● to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws where that liability is in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; and
    ● to impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the British Virgin Islands, based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature.
  There is no statutory recognition in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of the British Virgin Islands will in certain circumstances recognize such a foreign judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary provided that:
    ● the U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted to such jurisdiction or was resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process;
    ● the U.S. judgment is final and for a liquidated sum;
    ● the judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company;
    ● in obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was given or on the part of the court;
    ● recognition or enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to public policy in the British Virgin Islands; and
    ● the proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice.
   In appropriate circumstances, a British Virgin Islands Court may give effect in the British Virgin Islands to other kinds of final foreign judgments such as declaratory orders, orders for performance of contracts and injunctions.
  As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 
  31
    Because we must furnish our shareholders with financial statements of the target business prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS as issued by the IASB or reconciled to U.S. GAAP, we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
  We will be required to provide historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure relating to our target business to our shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. The financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for the Form 8-K announcing the closing of an initial business combination, which would need to be filed within four business days after closing. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire.
  Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.
  Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require us to have such system audited by an independent registered public accounting firm. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or shareholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. A target business may also not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.
  We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our securities less attractive to investors.
  We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period exceeds $1.0 billion or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion, or the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile.
  Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will not adopt the new or revised standard until the time private companies are required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.
  32
    An investment in this offering may involve adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.
  An investment in this offering may involve adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, there is a risk that an investor’s entitlement to receive payments in excess of the investor’s initial tax basis in our ordinary shares upon exercise of the investor’s conversion right or upon our liquidation of the trust account will result in constructive income to the investor, which could affect the timing and character of income recognition and result in U.S. federal income tax liability to the investor without the investor’s receipt of cash from us. Furthermore, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in this offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of the unit between the ordinary shares, warrants and rights included in the units could be challenged by the IRS or the courts. See the section titled “Taxation - United States Federal Income Taxation” for a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.
  We have also not sought a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, as to any U.S. federal income tax consequences described in this prospectus. The IRS may disagree with the descriptions of U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Any such determination could subject an investor or our company to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences that would be different than those described in this prospectus. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult a tax advisor with respect to the specific tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our securities, including the applicability and effect of state, local, or foreign tax laws, as well as U.S. federal tax laws.
  We may qualify as a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.
  In general, we will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) for any taxable year in which either (1) at least 75% of our gross income (looking through certain 25% or more-owned corporate subsidiaries) is passive income or (2) at least 50% of the average value of our assets (looking through certain 25% or more-owned corporate subsidiaries) is attributable to assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. Passive income generally includes, without limitation, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and gains from the disposition of passive assets. If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the Section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – General”) of our securities, the U.S. Holder may be subject to increased U.S. federal income tax liability and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — U.S. Holders - Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”). Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (or after the end of the start-up period, if later). Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules.
  If our management following a business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws which could lead to various regulatory issues.
  Following a business combination, our management will likely resign from their positions as officers of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. We cannot assure you that management of the target business will be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.
  33
    If restrictions on repatriation of earnings from the target business’ home jurisdiction to foreign entities are instituted, our business following a business combination may be materially negatively affected.
  It is possible that following an initial business combination, the home jurisdiction of the target business may have restrictions on repatriations of earnings or additional restrictions may be imposed in the future. If they were, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
  Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside of the United States
  We may effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States and if we do, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our business operations and financial results.
  If we consummate a business combination with a target business located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ governing jurisdiction, including any of the following:
    ● rules and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
    ● tariffs and trade barriers;
    ● regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
      ● longer payment cycles than in the United States;
    ● inflation;
    ● economic policies and market conditions;
    ● unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;
    ● challenges in managing and staffing international operations;
    ● tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
    ● currency fluctuations;
    ● challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
    ● cultural and language differences;
    ● protection of intellectual property; and
    ● employment regulations.
  We cannot assure you that we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer.
  Because of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted.
  Managing a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance.
  34
    If social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, or policy changes or enactments occur in a country in which we may operate after we effect our initial business combination, it may result in a negative impact on our business.
  Political events in another country may significantly affect our business, assets or operations. Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, and policy changes or enactments could negatively impact our business in a particular country.
  The British Virgin Islands, together with several other non-European Union jurisdictions, have recently introduced legislation aimed at addressing concerns raised by the Council of the European Union as to offshore structures engaged in certain activities which attract profits without real economic activity. With effect from January 1, 2019, the Economic Substance (Companies and Limited Partnerships) Act, 2018 (the “ESA”) came into force in the British Virgin Islands introducing certain economic substance requirements for British Virgin Islands tax resident companies which are engaged in certain “relevant activities.” However, it is not anticipated that the Company itself will be subject to any such requirements prior to any business combination and thereafter the Company may still remain out of scope of the legislation or else be subject to more limited substance requirements. Although it is presently anticipated that the ESA will have little material impact on the Company or its operations, as the legislation is new and remains subject to further clarification and interpretation it is not currently possible to ascertain the precise impact of these legislative changes on the Company.
  Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
  Our ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition.
  Rules and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent.
  Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results.
  If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.
  If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws.
  35
    If relations between the United States and foreign governments deteriorate, it could cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive.
  The relationship between the United States and foreign governments could be subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. For instance, the United States may announce its intention to impose quotas on certain imports. Such import quotas may adversely affect political relations between the two countries and result in retaliatory countermeasures by the foreign government in industries that may affect our ultimate target business. Changes in political conditions in foreign countries and changes in the state of U.S. relations with such countries are difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations or cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible extent of any impact on our ultimate operations if relations are strained between the United States and a foreign country in which we acquire a target business or move our principal manufacturing or service operations.
  If any dividend is declared in the future and paid in a foreign currency, you may be taxed on a larger amount in U.S.
  If you are a U.S. holder of our ordinary shares, you will be taxed on the U.S. dollar value of your dividends, if any, at the time you receive them, even if you actually receive a smaller amount of U.S. dollars when the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Specifically, if a dividend is declared and paid in a foreign currency, the amount of the dividend distribution that you must include in your income as a U.S. holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in the foreign currency, determined at the spot rate of the foreign currency to the U.S. dollar on the date the dividend distribution is includible in your income, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Thus, if the value of the foreign currency decreases before you actually convert the currency into U.S. dollars, you will be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive.
  If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.
  Following our initial business combination, certain members of our management team will likely resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely affect our operations.
  After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.
  The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. The economy in China differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects. Such economic growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.
  36
    Currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.
  In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.
  Many of the economies in Asia are experiencing substantial inflationary pressures which may prompt the governments to take action to control the growth of the economy and inflation that could lead to a significant decrease in our profitability following our initial business combination.
  While many of the economies in Asia have experienced rapid growth over the last two decades, they currently are experiencing inflationary pressures. As governments take steps to address the current inflationary pressures, there may be significant changes in the availability of bank credits, interest rates, limitations on loans, restrictions on currency conversions and foreign investment. There also may be imposition of price controls. If prices for the products of our ultimate target business rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in the costs of supplies, it may have an adverse effect on our profitability. If these or other similar restrictions are imposed by a government to influence the economy, it may lead to a slowing of economic growth. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, the ultimate industry that we operate in may be affected more severely by such a slowing of economic growth.
  Many industries in Asia are subject to government regulations that limit or prohibit foreign investments in such industries, which may limit the potential number of acquisition candidates.
  Governments in many Asian countries have imposed regulations that limit foreign investors’ equity ownership or prohibit foreign investments altogether in companies that operate in certain industries. As a result, the number of potential acquisition candidates available to us may be limited or our ability to grow and sustain the business, which we ultimately acquire will be limited.
  If a country in Asia enacts regulations in industry segments that forbid or restrict foreign investment, our ability to consummate our initial business combination could be severely impaired.
  Many of the rules and regulations that companies face concerning foreign ownership are not explicitly communicated. If new laws or regulations forbid or limit foreign investment in industries in which we want to complete our initial business combination, they could severely impair our candidate pool of potential target businesses. Additionally, if the relevant central and local authorities find us or the target business with which we ultimately complete our initial business combination to be in violation of any existing or future laws or regulations, they would have broad discretion in dealing with such a violation, including, without limitation:
  ● levying fines;
  ● revoking our business and other licenses;
  ● requiring that we restructure our ownership or operations; and
  ● requiring that we discontinue any portion or all of our business.
  Any of the above could have an adverse effect on our company post-business combination and could materially reduce the value of your investment.
  Corporate governance standards in Asia may not be as strict or developed as in the United States and such weakness may hide issues and operational practices that are detrimental to a target business.
  General corporate governance standards in some countries are weak in that they do not prevent business practices that cause unfavorable related party transactions, over-leveraging, improper accounting, family company interconnectivity and poor management. Local laws often do not go far enough to prevent improper business practices. Therefore, shareholders may not be treated impartially and equally as a result of poor management practices, asset shifting, conglomerate structures that result in preferential treatment to some parts of the overall company, and cronyism. The lack of transparency and ambiguity in the regulatory process also may result in inadequate credit evaluation and weakness that may precipitate or encourage financial crisis. In our evaluation of a business combination we will have to evaluate the corporate governance of a target and the business environment, and in accordance with United States laws for reporting companies take steps to implement practices that will cause compliance with all applicable rules and accounting practices. Notwithstanding these intended efforts, there may be endemic practices and local laws that could add risk to an investment we ultimately make and that result in an adverse effect on our operations and financial results.
  37
    CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
  The statements contained in this prospectus that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipates,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predicts,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about our:
    ● ability to identify or complete an initial business combination;
    ● limited operating history;
    ● success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
    ● potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete a business combination;
    ● pool of prospective target businesses;
    ● the ability of our officers and directors to generate potential investment opportunities;
    ● potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for shares;
    ● our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
    ● regulatory or operational risks associated with acquiring a target business;
    ● use of proceeds not held in the trust account;
    ● financial performance following this offering; or
    ● listing or delisting of our securities from Nasdaq or the ability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq following our initial business combination.
  The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
  38
    NOTE REGARDING OUR CHOICE OF BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS AND THE ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES
  Reasons for our Choice of Incorporating in the British Virgin Islands
  We are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands because of the following benefits we believe are found there:
    ● political and economic stability;
    ● an effective and sophisticated judicial system with a dedicated Commercial Court;
    ● tax neutral treatment, with no tax levied against companies incorporated in the British Virgin Islands by the local tax authorities;
    ● the absence of exchange control or currency restrictions;
    ● the availability of professional and support services;
    ● commitment of the British Virgin Islands to implement best international practice and to comply with the requirements of the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the Financial Action Taskforce (FATF);
    ● the adoption of the English law concept of corporate separateness to mitigate the risk of the assets of a shareholder being used to satisfy the liabilities of the company; and
    ● confidentiality for shareholders.
  However, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides significantly less protection to investors, and British Virgin Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States.
  We believe the disadvantages of incorporating in the British Virgin Islands are outweighed by the benefits to us and our investors of such incorporation.
  Enforceability of Civil Liabilities
  We are a company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and therefore, located and administered from outside of the United States. The proceeds we receive from this offering will be held in U.S. Dollars and deposited in a trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as trustee. The trust account will be governed by an Investment Management Trust Agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. Our U.S. agent for service of process is National Corp. However, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process on us or our officers or directors within the United States in a way that will permit a U.S. court to have jurisdiction over us.
  Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) or the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under British Virgin Islands law are to a large extent governed by the Companies Law and common law of the British Virgin Islands. The common law of the British Virgin Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the British Virgin Islands as well as from English common law, and whilst the decisions of the English courts are of persuasive authority, they are not binding on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands law are different from statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and some states, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, while statutory provisions do exist in British Virgin Islands law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, shareholders in the British Virgin Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances in which any such action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect to any such action, may result in the rights of shareholders of a British Virgin Islands company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States. Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred.
  Under British Virgin Islands law, the directors owe fiduciary duties at both common law and under statute, including a statutory duty to act honestly, in good faith and with a view to what the directors believe are our best interests. When exercising powers or performing duties as a director, the director is required to exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director would exercise in the circumstances taking into account, without limitation the nature of the company, the nature of the decision and the position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him or her. In exercising the powers of a director, the directors must exercise their powers for a proper purpose and shall not act or agree to the company acting in a manner that contravenes our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or the Companies Law.
  39
    In certain limited circumstances, a shareholder has the right to seek various remedies against the company in the event the directors are in breach of their duties under the Companies Law. Pursuant to Section 184B of the Companies Law, if a company or director of a company engages in, proposes to engage in or has engaged in, conduct that contravenes the provisions of the Companies Law or the memorandum or articles of association of the company, the courts of the British Virgin Islands may, on application of a shareholder or director of the company, make an order directing the company or director to comply with, or restraining the company or director from engaging in conduct that contravenes the Companies Law or the memorandum or articles. Furthermore, pursuant to section 184I(1) of the Companies Law a shareholder of a company who considers that the affairs of the company have been, are being or likely to be, conducted in a manner that is, or any acts of the company have been, or are likely to be oppressive, unfairly discriminatory, or unfairly prejudicial to him in that capacity, may apply to the courts of the British Virgin Islands for an order which, inter alia, can require the company or any other person to pay compensation to the shareholders.
  If we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of the Insolvency Act (i.e. (i) it fails to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under section 157 of the Insolvency Act; (ii) the execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands Court in favor of a creditor of the company is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of the company’s liabilities exceeds its assets, or the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due), there are very limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a “voidable transaction” for the purposes of the Insolvency Act. A voidable transaction would include, for these purposes, payments made as “unfair preferences” or “transactions at an undervalue”. A liquidator appointed over an insolvent company who considers that a particular transaction or payment is a voidable transaction under the Insolvency Act could apply to the British Virgin Islands Courts for an order setting aside that payment or transaction in whole or in part.
  We have been advised by our British Virgin Islands legal counsel that the courts of the British Virgin Islands are unlikely:
    ● to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws where that liability is in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; and
    ● to impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the British Virgin Islands, based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature.
  The courts of the British Virgin Islands will not necessarily enter judgments in original actions brought in those courts predicated on U.S. federal or state securities laws. Additionally, we have been advised by British Virgin Islands Counsel that there is no statutory enforcement in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, however, the courts of the British Virgin Islands will in certain circumstances recognize such a foreign judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary provided that: (i) the U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted to such jurisdiction or was resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process; (ii) the U.S. judgment is final and for a liquidated sum; (iii) the judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; (iv) in obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was given or on the part of the court; (v) recognition or enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to public policy in the British Virgin Islands; and (vi) the proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice.
  In appropriate circumstances, a British Virgin Islands Court may give effect in the British Virgin Islands to other kinds of final foreign judgments such as declaratory orders, orders for performance of contracts and injunctions.
  As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company.
  In addition, many of our directors and officers are nationals or residents of The People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Japan and Taiwan and all or a substantial portion of their assets are located in the aforementioned locations. 
  40
    USE OF PROCEEDS
  We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, in addition to the funds we will receive from the sale of the private units (all of which will be deposited into the trust account), will be as set forth in the following table:
      Without
Over-
Allotment
Option     Over-Allotment
Option
Exercised  
Gross proceeds            
From offering   $ 50,000,000     $ 57,500,000  
From private placement     3,500,000       3,500,000  
Total gross proceeds   $ 53,500,000     $ 61,000,000  
                  Offering expenses(1)                
Non-contingent underwriting discount (2.5% of gross proceeds from offering, which excludes the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions of up to 3.5% of gross proceeds from offering)   $ 1,250,000 (2)   $ 1,437,500 (2)
Initial Trustee’s fee     6,500       6,500  
Legal fees and expenses     300,000       300,000  
Nasdaq listing fee     50,000       50,000  
Printing and engraving expenses     45,000       45,000  
Accounting fees and expenses     40,000       40,000  
FINRA filing fee     10,576       10,576  
SEC registration fee     8,719       8,719  
Miscellaneous expenses     39,205       39,205  
Total offering expenses (not including deferred underwriting discounts and commissions)   $ 1,750,000     $ 1,937,500  
                  Net proceeds of the offering and private placement                
Held in trust   $ 50,000,000 (3)   $ 57,500,000 (3)
Not held in trust     1,750,000       1,562,500  
Total net proceeds (including deferred underwriting discounts and commissions)   $ 51,750,000     $ 59,062,500  
                  The following table shows the use of the approximately $1,750,000 of net proceeds not held in trust.(4)(5)                
Legal, accounting and other third party expenses attendant to the search for target businesses and to the due diligence investigation, structuring and negotiation of a business combination   $ 600,000       34.29 %
Due diligence of prospective target businesses by officers, directors and initial shareholders     70,000       4.00 %
Legal and accounting fees relating to SEC reporting obligations     40,000       2.29 %
Payment of administrative fee to Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the Sponsor ($10,000 per month for up to 12 months), subject to deferral as described herein     120,000       6.86 %
Payment to Yongsheng Liu our Chief Executive Officer, for his services to us (HK$50,000 per month for up to 12 months, (or approximately US$6,451 per month, based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021)     77,412       4.42 %
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses, D&O insurance, general corporate purposes, liquidation obligations and reserves     842,588       48.15 %
Total   $ 1,750,000       100.0 %
  (1) A portion of the offering expenses, including the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee, the non-refundable portion of the Nasdaq listing fee and a portion of the legal and audit fees, have been paid from the funds we borrowed from our sponsor, which is owned by Jining Li, our director, described below. These funds will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us. If we determine not to proceed with the offering, such amounts would not be repaid.
  (2) No discounts or commissions will be paid with respect to the purchase of the private units.
  (3) The funds held in the trust account may, but need not, be used to pay our expenses relating to completing our initial business combination, including deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to Maxim Group LLC in an amount of up to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in the offering described below.
  41
      (4) In the event that the over-allotment option is exercised in full, we will have only $1,562,500 outside the trust account and working capital for miscellaneous expenses will be $655,088.
    (5) These expenses are estimates only and do not include interest which may be available to us from the trust account. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of such business combination. In the event we identify an initial business combination target in a specific industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses.
  Our sponsor has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 350,000 private units at a price of $10.00 per private unit ($3,500,000 in the aggregate) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below.
  $50,000,000, or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units will be placed in an account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the United States, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, New York, New York, as trustee. Pursuant to the investment management trust agreement that will govern the investment of such funds, the trustee, upon our written instructions, will direct J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to invest the funds as set forth in such written instructions and to custody the funds while invested and until otherwise instructed in accordance with the investment management trust agreement. The funds held in trust will be invested only in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United States government treasuries, so that we are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our income or other tax obligations, the proceeds will not be released from the trust account until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or our liquidation. The proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete a business combination to the extent not used to pay converting shareholders. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance operations of the target business.
  The payment to Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the sponsor, of a monthly fee of $10,000 is for general and administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial support, and HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,451 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021) per month will be paid to Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, for his services to us. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. This arrangement is being agreed to by Golden Bridge Capital Limited for our benefit. We believe that the fee charged by Golden Bridge Capital Limited is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. This arrangement will terminate upon completion of our initial business combination or the distribution of the trust account to our public shareholders. Other than the $10,000 per month fee, no compensation of any kind (including finder’s, consulting or other similar fees) will be paid to any of our existing officers, directors, shareholders, or any of their affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. Since the role of present management after a business combination is uncertain, we have no ability to determine what remuneration, if any, will be paid to those persons after a business combination.
  Regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the net proceeds from this offering available to us out of trust for our working capital requirements in searching for a business combination will be approximately $500,000. We intend to use the excess working capital available for miscellaneous expenses such as paying fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business and for director and officer liability insurance premiums, with the balance being held in reserve in the event due diligence, legal, accounting and other expenses of structuring and negotiating business combinations exceed our estimates, as well as for reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our initial shareholders, officers and directors in connection with activities on our behalf as described above. We will also be entitled to have interest earned on the funds held in the trust account released to us to pay any tax obligations that we may owe.
  42
    The allocation of the net proceeds available to us outside of the trust account, along with the interest earned on the funds held in the trust account available to us, represents our best estimate of the intended uses of these funds. In the event that our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, we may reallocate some of such proceeds within the above described categories. If our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available from the trust account is insufficient as a result of the current low interest rate environment, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. In this event, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from members of our management team, but such members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.
  We will likely use a substantial portion of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business, to pay holders who wish to convert or sell their shares to us for a portion of the funds held in the trust account and to pay our expenses relating thereto. If the payment of our liabilities, including the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to Maxim Group LLC in an amount up to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in the offering, were to reduce the amount available to us in trust necessary to pay all holders who wish to convert or sell their shares to us for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, we would not be able to consummate such transaction. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the proceeds held in the trust account which are not used to consummate a business combination, to pay holders who wish to convert their shares into a portion of the funds held in the trust account or pay our expenses relating thereto will be disbursed to the combined company and will, along with any other net proceeds not expended, be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products.
  To the extent we are unable to consummate a business combination, we will pay the costs of liquidating our trust account from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, which is owned by our director, Jining Li, has agreed to advance us the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than $18,500) and has agreed not to seek repayment of such expenses.
  As of September 30, 2020, our sponsor had loaned to us an aggregate of $239,512 to be used to pay formation and a portion of the expenses of this offering. The loan is payable without interest on the date on which we consummate our initial public offering. If we determine not to proceed with the offering, such amounts would not be repaid.
  In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering until completion of an initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 55,000 ordinary shares (which includes 5,000 shares issuable upon conversion of rights) and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted). If we do not complete our initial business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available. These notes would be in addition to any notes we issued in exchange for the funds necessary to extend our life. 
  A public shareholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account (including interest earned on his, her or its portion of the trust account to the extent not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations) only in the event of (i) our liquidation if we have not completed a business combination within the required time period or (ii) if that public shareholder converts such public shares or sells them to us in a tender offer in each case in connection with a business combination which we consummate or in connection with an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
  43
    DIVIDEND POLICY
  We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a share capitalizations immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain our initial shareholders’ ownership at 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering (excluding ownership of the private units). Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
  44
    DILUTION
  The difference between the public offering price per share, assuming no value is attributed to the redeemable warrants included in the units we are offering by this prospectus and included in the private units, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private warrants. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities by the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares.
  At September 30, 2020, our net tangible book value was a deficit of $215,722 or approximately $(0.15) per share. For purposes of the dilution calculation, in order to present the maximum estimated dilution as a result of this offering, we have assumed (i) the issuance of 0.10 of a share for each right outstanding, as such issuance will occur upon a business combination without the payment of additional consideration and (ii) the number of shares included in the units offered hereby will be deemed to be 5,500,000 (consisting of 5,000,000 shares included in the units we are offering by this prospectus and 500,000 shares for the outstanding rights), and the price per share in this offering will be deemed to be $9.09. After giving effect to the sale of 5,500,000 ordinary shares included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, the deduction of underwriting discounts and estimated expenses of this offering, the sale of 385,000 ordinary shares (consisting of 350,000 ordinary shares included in the private units and 35,000 shares for the outstanding rights) included in the private units, our pro forma net tangible book value at September 30, 2020 would have been $5,000,003 or $1.87 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $2.02 per share to the initial shareholders and an immediate dilution of 79.42% per share or $7.22 to new investors not exercising their conversion/tender rights. For purposes of presentation, our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering is $44,859,320 less than it otherwise would have been because if we effect a business combination, the ability of public shareholders to exercise conversion rights or sell their shares to us in any tender offer may result in the conversion or tender of up to 4,485,932 shares sold in this offering.
  The following table illustrates the dilution to the new investors on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the redeemable warrants, including the private warrants:
  Public offering price           $9.09
Net tangible book value before this offering   $ (0.15 )
Increase attributable to new investors and private sales     2.02  
Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering           1.87
Dilution to new investors           $7.22
Percentage of dilution to new investors           79.42%
   The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial shareholders and the new investors:
      Shares Purchased     Total Consideration     Average
Price  
    Number     Percentage     Amount     Percentage     Per Share  
Initial shareholders(1)     1,250,000       17.52 %   $ 25,000       0.05 %   $ 0.020  
Shares underlying private unit(2)     385,000       5.40 %   $ 3,500,000       6.54 %   $ 9.091  
New investors(3)     5,500,000       77.08 %   $ 50,000,000       93.41 %   $ 9.091  
      7,135,000       100 %   $ 53,525,000       100 %   $    
  (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders have been forfeited as a result thereof.
  (2)
Includes the issuance of an additional 35,000 shares underlying the rights contained in the private unit holders.
  (3) Includes the issuance of an additional 500,000 shares underlying the rights contained in the new investors.
  45
    The pro forma net tangible book value after the offering is calculated as follows:
  Numerator:(1)      
Net tangible book value before this offering   $ (215,722 )
Offering costs paid in advance   $ 74,945  
Net proceeds from this offering and private placement of private units   $ 51,750,000  
Proceeds from unit purchase option   $ 100  
Less: Deferred underwriting discounts and commissions   $ (1,750,000 )(2)
Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to conversion/tender   $ (44,859,320 )
    $ 5,000,003  
          Denominator:        
Ordinary shares issued and outstanding prior to this offering(1)     1,250,000  
Ordinary shares to be sold in this offering     5,000,000  
Ordinary shares underlying the rights to be included in the public units     500,000  
Ordinary shares included in the private units     350,000  
Ordinary shares underlying the rights to be included in the private units     35,000  
Ordinary shares underlying the representative shares     25,000  
Less: Shares subject to conversion/tender     (4,485,932 )
      2,674,068  
  (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholder have been forfeited by us as a result thereof.
  (2) Deferred underwriting discounts and commission of 3.5%.
  46
    CAPITALIZATION
  The following table sets forth our capitalization at September 30, 2020 and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of our units and the private units and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities.
      As at September 30, 2020  
    Actual     As Adjusted(1)  
Promissory Note – related party(2)   $ 239,512     $ -  
Deferred underwriting discounts and commission payable     -       1,750,000  
Ordinary shares, no par value, and 4,485,932 shares are subject to possible conversion/tender     -       44,859,320 (4)
Ordinary shares, no par value, unlimited shares authorized, 1,437,500 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2020; 6,625,000 shares issued and outstanding(3), as adjusted     25,000       5,165,780  
Accumulated deficit     (165,777 )     (165,777 )
Total shareholders’ (deficit) / equity     (140,777 )     5,000,003  
Total capitalization   $ 98,735     $ 51,609,323 (5)
  (1) Includes the $3,500,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units.
  (2) As of September 30, 2020, the sponsor had loaned to us an aggregate of $239,512 to be used to pay formation and a portion of the expenses of this offering. The loan is payable without interest on the date on which we consummate our initial public offering.
  (3) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders have been forfeited as a result thereof. Includes 350,000 shares underlying the private units purchased by our sponsor concurrent with this offering.
  (4) Derived by taking 4,485,932 shares which may be redeemed, representing the maximum number of shares that may be converted while maintaining at least $5,000,001 in net tangible assets after the offering, multiplied by $10.00.
   (5) Derived by adding deferred underwriting discounts and commission payable, total shareholders’ equity and the value of ordinary shares subject to possible conversion.
  47
    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
  We are a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on August 12, 2019 with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders have no liability, as shareholders of the Company, for the liabilities of the Company over and above the amount paid for their shares) to serve as a vehicle to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares:
    ● may significantly reduce the equity interest of our shareholders;
    ● may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preferred shares with rights senior to those afforded to our ordinary shares;
    ● will likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
        ● may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
    ● may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities.
  Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in:
    ● default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations;
    ● acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
    ● our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
    ● our inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding;
        ● our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;
        ● using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
        ● limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
        ● Increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
        ● limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt
  Liquidity and Capital Resources
  As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at September 30, 2020, we had $36,290 of cash and a working capital deficit of $215,722. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this uncertainty through this offering are discussed above. Our plans to raise capital or to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
  48
    Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the insider shares and a loan from our sponsor, in an aggregate amount of approximately $239,512 that is more fully described below. We estimate that the net proceeds from (1) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $500,000 and underwriting discounts and commissions of $1,250,000 (or $1,437,500 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) (not including the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions) and (2) the sale of the private units for a purchase price of $3,500,000, will be $51,750,000 (or $59,062,500 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) (including the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions). Of this amount, $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account. The remaining $1,750,000 (or 1,562,500 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will not be held in the trust account.
  We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to Maxim Group LLC in an amount up to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in the offering upon consummation of our initial business combination. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses.
  Over the next 12 months (assuming a business combination is not consummated prior thereto), we will be using the funds held outside of the trust account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. Out of the funds available outside the trust account, we anticipate that we will incur approximately:
    ● $600,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of a business combination;
    ● $70,000 of expenses for the due diligence and investigation of a target business by our officers, directors and initial shareholders;
    ● $40,000 of expenses in legal and accounting fees relating to our SEC reporting obligations; and
    ● $120,000 for the payment of the administrative fee to Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the Sponsor (of $10,000 per month for up to 12 months), subject to deferral as described herein;
    ● $77,412 for the payments to Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, for his services to us (HK$50,000 per month for up to 12 months, (or approximately US$6,451 per month, based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021); and
    ● $842,588 (or 655,088 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses, including director and officer liability insurance premiums.
  If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to us from the trust account is less than we expect as a result of the current interest rate environment, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.
   49
    Related Party Transactions
  As of September 30, 2020, our sponsor loaned to us an aggregate of $239,512, respectively on a non-interest bearing basis for payment of offering expenses on our behalf. The loans will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering not being placed in the trust account.
  We are obligated, commencing on the date of this prospectus, to pay Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the sponsor, a monthly fee of $10,000 for general and administrative services, and HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,451 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021) per month will be paid to Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, for his services to us. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination.
  Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 350,000 private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $3,500,000)which will be purchased in a private placement to occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering.
  If needed to finance transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business or consummating an intended initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 55,000 ordinary shares (which includes 5,000 shares issuable upon conversion of rights) and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted). We believe the purchase price of these units will approximate the fair value of such units when issued. However, if it is determined, at the time of issuance, that the fair value of such units exceeds the purchase price, we would record compensation expense for the excess of the fair value of the units on the day of issuance over the purchase price in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 718 — Compensation — Stock Compensation.
  Controls and Procedures
  We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
    ● staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
    ● reconciliation of accounts;
    ● proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
    ● evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
    ● documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
    ● documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
  50
    Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
  Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion on such report when, or if, required by Section 404. The independent auditors may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting.
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
  The net proceeds of this offering, including amounts in the trust account, will be invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
  As of the date of this prospectus, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have conducted no operations to date.
  JOBS Act
  On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.
  Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company”, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act,(iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements(auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of this offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
  51
    PROPOSED BUSINESS
  Introduction
  We are a newly incorporated blank check company in the British Virgin Islands as a business company limited by shares. Our shareholders have no additional liability for the company’s liabilities over and above the amount paid for their shares. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although the Company intends to focus on opportunities in the artificial intelligence and any other related technology innovations market operating businesses. We do not have a definitive criteria on the targets’ financial performance, but we intend to initially focus on companies that have achieved growth of over 25% per annum in either their revenue or net profit for the past 2 years. 
  We do not have any specific business combination under consideration or contemplation, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, contacted any prospective target business or had any discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction.
   52
    Background and Competitive Advantages
  Our Management Team
  We will seek to capitalize on the comprehensive experience and contacts of our executive officers in consummating an initial business combination. Our management team is comprised of Yongsheng Liu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Yanhong Xue, our Chief Financial Officer, and Ray Chen, our Chief Operating Officer. Our management team brings a wealth of experience in identifying, negotiating with and conducting due diligence on potential candidates for acquisition.
  Mr. Liu and Mr. Chen have experience with initial public offerings and business combinations for blank check companies. They have worked together on the formation, initial public offering and business combination for Wealthbridge Acquisition Limited (“Wealthbridge”). Mr. Liu served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Wealthbridge which consummated an initial public offering in February 2019 and closed its business combination with Scienjoy Inc. (“Scienjoy”) in May 2020, and has been serving as vice chairman of Scienjoy’s board of director since May 2020. Mr. Chen served as Chief Operating Officer of Wealthbridge until May 2020 and currently serves as investor relation consultant of Scienjoy.
  Mr. Liu has over 10 years of experience in mergers and acquisitions, including cross-board transactions involving the United States and China, which Mr. Liu actively participated in (in a variety capacities) from initial deal sourcing and negotiations through consummation. Mr. Chen also has over 10 years of extensive experience with mergers and acquisitions, especially with respect to target sourcing, deal structuring, and investment relations. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Xue, has over 20 years of extensive experience in financial reporting, financial due diligence, U.S. public companies and post-merger rule compliance and her connections to investments and businesses operated by ethnic minorities in U.S., which we believe, will be a source of potential targets for us.
  With a management team with experience in merger and acquisitions for blank check companies, connections to the Asian-American community in the United States, and experience in business development, we believe we can source attractive deals and find good investment opportunities from private and public sources to create value for shareholders. See the section titled “Management” for complete information on the experience of our officers and directors.
  Acquisition Strategy
  Our acquisition strategy will seek to capitalize on M&A and operational expertise and relationship of both our management team and our board of directors, to identify attractive businesses that have capacity to grow rapidly by utilizing a public vehicle. Although we are not limited to any particular industry, we intend to primarily focus on companies operating in the AI industry. There is no restriction in the geographic location of targets that we can pursue, although we intend to initially prioritize geographic locations in North America, as our officers and directors consist of successful entrepreneurs and senior executives with decades of operating and M&A experiences in the region.
  AI has the potential  to improve social productivity, bring disruptive changes to people’s production and life including lower labor cost, better products and services, new markets and more employment opportunities and is growing fully commercialized and bring profound changes to all industries. AI technologies have been deployed in financial, healthcare, security and a number of other areas, with widening application scenarios. It is an industry above all industries. Considering the growing impact of AI on social and economic development, US, Asia and European Union have released favorable policies to include AI into national strategies. 
  AI Opportunities
  Increasingly aware of the importance of AI at the economic and strategic levels, governments and businesses across the world are investing in AI. The global AI market is likely to see phenomenal growth and achieve a market value of over US 6 trillion by 2025 and a CAGR of 30% from 2017 to 2025.
  53
    According to Gartner, traditional industries with large market size will maintain their leadership. Manufacturing, telecommunications, media and service, and natural resources and materials are expected to be ranked among the top three in 2030, respectively accounting for 16%, 16% and 14% of the market share. Manufacturing is the fastest-growing industry, with large manufacturers accelerating their digital transformation to realize smart management, smart factories and smart logistics. . The market sizes of AI in manufacturing and telecommunication will exceed 800 billion US Dollars. As AI application in education is expanding across the whole learning process, growth in this sector should not be underestimated.
  North America has been the hub of AI industry globally. Among 20 leading cities of AI innovation, integration and application, 7 cities located in North America. Data shows that San Francisco bay area attracted more than one third AI investment globally during 2000-2016.
  Competitive Advantages 
  Experienced Management Team with Proven Track Record
  Our management team has a proven track record of successful executing business combination and generating attractive return for investors as evidenced by the completion of business combination between Wealthbridge and Scienjoy in May 2020.
  Together with our management team, we believe we have a broad network of contacts and corporate relationship that makes us efficient at:
  ● Sourcing and evaluating businesses, and
  ● Bridging cultural differences to negotiate and execute a transaction in a timely and professional manner
  By leveraging our management team’s industry expertise, performing disciplined due diligence, being cautious downside protection, and providing post-acquisition value-add capabilities, we believe that we will be able to acquire a target business that will achieve significant returns for investors.
  Status as a Publicly Listed Company
  We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering. We believe that target businesses will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional initial public offering. During an initial public offering, there are typically expenses incurred in marketing, which would be costlier than a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our shareholders (if applicable) and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with shareholders’ interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs.
  Strong Financial Position and Flexibility
  With the funds held in our trust account, we can offer a target business a variety of options to facilitate a business combination and fund future expansion and growth of its business. Because we are able to consummate a business combination using the cash proceeds from this offering, our share capital, debt or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use an efficient structure allowing us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to address the needs of the parties. However, if a business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay for the purchase price, we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing.
  54
    Acquisition Criteria
  The focus of our management team is to create shareholder value by leveraging its experience to improve the efficiency of the business while implementing strategies to grow revenue and profits organically and/or through acquisitions. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we see fit to do so:
  ● Niche Deal Size
  We intend to acquire companies with enterprise values of between $150 million and $300 million that are preferably already cash-generative. We believe we have greater access to companies within this range and the negotiation process is generally less time consuming than companies that are much larger.
  ● Long-term Revenue Visibility with Defensible Market Position
  We intend to seek target companies that are at an inflection point, such as those requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate by developing new products or services, or where we believe we can drive improved financial performance and where an acquisition may help facilitate growth.
  ● Benefits from Being a U.S. Public Company (Value Creation and Marketing Opportunities)
  We intend to seek target companies that should offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our shareholders. We intend to seek to acquire a target on terms and in a manner that leverages our experience. We expect to evaluate financial returns based on (i) the potential for organic growth in cash flows, (ii) the ability to achieve cost savings, (iii) the ability to accelerate growth, including through the opportunity for follow-on acquisitions and (iv) the prospects for creating value through other value creation initiatives. Potential upside from growth in the target business’ earnings and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks.
  These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
  Other Acquisition Considerations
  We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
  Effecting a Business Combination
  General
  We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of private units, our share capital, debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering and the private placement of private units are intended to be applied generally toward effecting a business combination as described in this prospectus, the proceeds are not otherwise being designated for any more specific purposes. Accordingly, investors in this offering are investing without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various U.S. Federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination.
  55
    We Have Not Identified a Target Business
  To date, we have not selected any target business on which to concentrate our search for a business combination. None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders and other affiliates has engaged in discussions on our behalf with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential merger, share exchange, asset acquisition or other similar business combination with us, nor have we, nor any of our agents or affiliates, been approached by any candidates (or representatives of any candidates) with respect to a possible business combination with our company.
  Subject to the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. Accordingly, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete a business combination. To the extent we effect a business combination with a company or an entity in its early stage of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of early stage or potential emerging growth companies. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
  Sources of Target Businesses
  We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings which will not commence until after the completion of this offering. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their respective affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will any of our existing officers, directors, special advisors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination (regardless of the type of transaction), except that Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer will receive HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,451 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021) per month for his services to us. If we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our officers, directors or initial shareholders, we will do so only if we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. However, as of the date of this prospectus, there is no affiliated entity that we consider a business combination target.
  Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination
  Subject to the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following:
    ● financial condition and results of operation;
    ● growth potential;
    ● experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel;
    ● capital requirements;
    ● competitive position;
  56
      ● barriers to entry;
    ● stage of development of its products, processes or services;
    ● degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services;
    ● proprietary features and degree of intellectual property or other protection for its products, processes or services;
    ● regulatory environment of the industry; and
    ● costs associated with effecting the business combination.
  We believe such factors will be important in evaluating prospective target businesses, regardless of the location or industry in which such target business operates. However, this list is not intended to be exhaustive. Furthermore, we may decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.
  Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties.
  The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination.
  Fair Market Value of Target Business
  Pursuant to Nasdaq listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may acquire a target business whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80% of the trust account balance. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure a business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, only the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test, assuming that we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ. In order to consummate such an acquisition, we may issue a significant amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not entered into any such fund raising arrangement and have no current intention of doing so. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80% threshold. 
  We will not be required to comply with the 80% fair market value requirement if we are delisted from NASDAQ. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the fair market value requirement described above and could complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below 80% of the balance in the trust account.
  57
    Lack of Business Diversification
  Our business combination must be with a target business or businesses that collectively satisfy the minimum valuation standard at the time of such acquisition, as discussed above, although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating businesses at the same time. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
    ● subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and
    ● result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
  If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business.
  Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business’ Management
  Although we intend to scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business’ management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.
  Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
  58
    Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination
  In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction, or whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do so, we have the flexibility to avoid a shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 
  We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares converted or sold to us) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders may therefore have to wait 12 months from the closing of this offering (or 21 months if we have extended the period of time as described in this prospectus) in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account.
  Our initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. As a result, if we sought shareholder approval of a proposed transaction we could need as little as 56,251 of our public shares (or approximately 1.12% of our public shares) to be voted in favor of the transaction in order to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and the initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering or units or shares in the after-market).
  None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or ordinary shares in this offering or from persons in the open market or in private transactions (other than the private units). However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock.
  59
    Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination
  If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination three times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC on the date of this prospectus, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each three month extension $500,000, or $575,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. The insiders will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender’s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. Any notes issued pursuant to these loans would be in addition to any notes issued pursuant to working capital loans made to us. 
  60
    Conversion/Tender Rights
  At any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. The conversion rights will be effected under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and British Virgin Islands law as redemptions. If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination, a holder will always have the ability to vote against a proposed business combination and not seek conversion of his shares.
  Alternatively, if we engage in a tender offer, each public shareholder will be provided the opportunity to sell his public shares to us in such tender offer. The tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their public shares to us in the tender offer or remain an investor in our company.
  Our initial shareholders, officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to this offering or purchased by them in this offering or in the aftermarket.
  We may also require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. Once the shares are converted by the holder, and effectively redeemed by us under British Virgin Islands law, the transfer agent will then update our Register of Members to reflect all conversions. The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to shareholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time our proxy statement is mailed through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are required to provide at least 10 days’ advance notice of any shareholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a shareholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. As a result, if we require public shareholders who wish to convert their ordinary shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to.
  There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise conversion rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to shareholders.
  Any request to convert or tender such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion or tender and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration of the tender offer not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
  If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their conversion or tender rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders.
  61
    Automatic Liquidation of Trust Account if No Business Combination
  If we do not complete a business combination within 12 months (or 21 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this prospectus) from the consummation of this offering, it will trigger our automatic winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As a result, this has the same effect as if we had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the Companies Law. Accordingly, no vote would be required from our shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination three times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC on the date of this prospectus, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each three month extension $500,000, or $575,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. The insiders will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender’s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not necessary to pay our taxes, then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. In the event of our liquidation and subsequent dissolution, the public rights will expire and will be worthless. 
  The amount in the trust account under the Companies Law will be treated as funds distributable under the Companies Law provided that immediately following the date on which the proposed distribution is proposed to be made, we are able to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. If we are forced to liquidate the trust account, we anticipate that we would distribute to our public shareholders the amount in the trust account calculated as of the date that is two days prior to the distribution date (including any accrued interest). Prior to such distribution, we would be required to assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us by our creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such amounts, as creditors take priority over our public shareholders with respect to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them as an unlawful payment in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation. Furthermore, while we will seek to have all vendors and service providers (which would include any third parties we engaged to assist us in any way in connection with our search for a target business) and prospective target businesses execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account or that a court would conclude that such agreements are legally enforceable.
  Each of our initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed to waive its rights to participate in any liquidation of our trust account or other assets with respect to the insider shares and private units and to vote their insider shares, private shares in favor of any liquidation and plan of distribution which we submit to a vote of shareholders. There will be no distribution from the trust account with respect to our warrants or rights, which will expire worthless.
  If we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of this offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share distribution from the trust account would be $10.00. 
  62
    The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would be prior to the claims of our public shareholders. Although we will seek to have all vendors, including lenders for money borrowed, prospective target businesses or other entities we engage execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refused to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, we would perform an analysis of the alternatives available to us if we chose not to engage such third party and evaluate if such engagement would be in the best interest of our shareholders if such third party refused to waive such claims. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refused to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a provider of required services willing to provide the waiver. In any event, our management would perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and would only enter into an agreement with a third party that did not execute a waiver if management believed that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason.
  Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, which is owned by our director, Jining Li, has agreed that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination, it will be liable to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us in excess of the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account, but only to the extent necessary to ensure that such debts or obligations do not reduce the amounts in the trust account and only if such parties have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure you that he will be able to satisfy those obligations if he is required to do so. Accordingly, the actual per-share distribution could be less than $10.00 due to claims of creditors.
  Competition
  In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources.
  The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses:
    ● our obligation to seek shareholder approval of a business combination or obtain the necessary financial information to be sent to shareholders in connection with such business combination may delay or prevent the completion of a transaction;
    ● our obligation to convert public shares held by our public shareholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination;
    ● Nasdaq may require us to file a new listing application and meet its initial listing requirements to maintain the listing of our securities following a business combination;
    ● our outstanding warrants, rights and unit purchase options and the potential future dilution they represent;
    ● our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions to Maxim Group LLC upon consummation of our initial business combination;
    ● our obligation to either repay or issue units upon conversion of up to $500,000 of working capital loans that may be made to us by our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates;
  63
      ● our obligation to register the resale of the insider shares, as well as the private units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans; and
    ● the impact on the target business’ assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending on developments involving us prior to the consummation of a business combination.
  Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms.
  If we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively.
  Facilities
  We maintain our principal executive office at 15/F, Aubin House, 171-172 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. The cost for this space is provided to us by Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the sponsor, as part of the $10,000 per month payment we make to it for office space and related services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
  Employees
  We have three executive officers, one of whom, Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, is also an employee. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once management locates a suitable target business to acquire, they will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination.
  Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements
  We have registered our units, ordinary shares, warrants and rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
  We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, the financial information included in the proxy solicitation materials will need to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. The financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for the Form 8-K announcing the closing of an initial business combination, which would need to be filed within four business days thereafter. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial information. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business.
  We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act beginning for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
  64
    We are an emerging growth company as defined in in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. We will remain such for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period or our total revenues exceed $1.07 billion or the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
  Legal Proceedings
  There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such, and we and our officers and directors have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus.
  Comparison to Offerings of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419
  The following table compares and contrasts the terms of our offering and the terms of an offering of blank check companies under Rule 419 promulgated by the SEC assuming that the gross proceeds, underwriting discounts and underwriting expenses for the Rule 419 offering are the same as this offering and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the terms of a Rule 419 offering will apply to this offering because we will be listed on a national securities exchange, we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,001 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact.
      Terms of the Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds   $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the net offering proceeds and proceeds from the sale of the private units will be deposited into a trust account in the United States, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, acting as trustee.   $41,850,000 of the offering proceeds would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
          Investment of net proceeds   The $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the net offering proceeds and proceeds from the sale of the private units held in trust will only be invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United States government treasuries.   Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
          Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business   The initial target business that we acquire must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in our trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. We will not be required to comply with the 80% fair market value requirement if we are delisted from NASDAQ.    We would be restricted from acquiring a target business unless the fair value of such business or net assets to be acquired represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
  65
        Terms of the Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Trading of securities issued   The units may commence trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The ordinary shares, warrants and rights comprising the units will begin to trade separately on the 90th day after the date of this prospectus unless Maxim Group LLC informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading (based upon its assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets and small capitalization and blank check companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular), provided we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the proceeds of this offering.   No trading of the units or the underlying securities would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
          Exercise of the warrants   The warrants cannot be exercised until the completion of a business combination and, accordingly, will be exercised only after the trust account has been terminated and distributed.   The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account.
          Election to remain an investor   We will either (1) give our shareholders the opportunity to vote on the business combination or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us in a tender offer for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account less taxes. If we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination, we will send each shareholder a proxy statement containing information required by the SEC. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we must provide at least 10 days advance notice of any meeting of shareholders. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether to exercise their rights to convert their shares into cash at such a meeting or to remain an investor in our company. Alternatively, if we do not hold a meeting and instead conduct a tender offer, we will conduct such tender offer in accordance with the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as we would have included in a proxy statement. The tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their shares to us in the tender offer or remain an investor in our company.   A prospectus containing information required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company, in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment, to decide whether he or she elects to remain a shareholder of the company or require the return of his or her investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account would automatically be returned to the shareholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all of the deposited funds in the escrow account must be returned to all investors and none of the securities will be issued.
  66
        Terms of the Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Business combination deadline   Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of this offering (or 21 months as described elsewhere herein), it will trigger our automatic winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution.   If an acquisition has not been consummated within 21 months after the effective date of the initial registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account would be returned to investors.
          Interest earned on the funds in the trust account   There can be released to us, from time to time any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we may need to pay our tax obligations. The remaining interest earned on the funds in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our entry into liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.   All interest earned on the funds in the trust account will be held in trust for the benefit of public shareholders until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
          Release of funds   Except for interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination (in which case, the proceeds released to us will be net of the funds used to pay converting or tendering shareholders, as the trustee will directly send the appropriate portion of the amount held in trust to the converting or tendering shareholders at the time of the business combination) and the liquidation of our trust account upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.   The proceeds held in the escrow account would not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
  67
    MANAGEMENT
  Directors and Executive Officers
  Our current directors and executive officers, their ages and positions are as follows:
  Name   Age    Position
Yongsheng Liu   51   Director, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman
Yanhong Xue   48   Chief Financial Officer
Ray Chen   55   Chief Operating Officer
Jining Li   63   Director
Kinpui Choi   66   Independent Director
Michael Chen   58   Independent Director
Claude P. Franco   57   Independent Director
  Below is a summary of the business experience of each our executive officers and directors:
  Yongsheng Liu. Mr. Liu has been our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board since August 2020. Throughout the past 20 years, Mr. Liu has assumed various corporate leadership positions and demonstrated his strong execution ability and in-depth knowledge in private equity and corporate M&A transactions across a wide range of sectors including aviation, consumer, financial institutions, and technology. He served as the chairman and chief executive officer of Wealthbridge Acquisition Limited, a special purpose acquisition company, from June 2018 until its business combination with Scienjoy Inc. in May 2020, and currently serves as the vice chairman of Scienjoy’s board since then. From March 2017 to April 2018, Mr. Liu served as chairman and chief executive officer of Royal China Holdings Limited (HKEx: 01683), during which he spearheaded the company’s international growth strategy focused at acquiring targets in aviation industry and finance sector. From the beginning of 2013 to March 2017, Mr. Liu was the chairman of Joy Air General Aviation, chairman of Cambodia Bayon Airlines, vice chairman of Everbright and Joy International Leasing Company, and president of General Aviation Investment Company (Shanghai). From April 2004 to August 2008, Mr. Liu also served as chief strategy officer of United Eagle Airlines (subsequently renamed to Chengdu Airlines). From December 1994 to June 2000, Mr. Liu was a manager of China Southern Airlines responsible for ground staff training. Mr. Liu received his master degree from University of Ottawa in 2002 and his bachelor’s degree from Civil Aviation Univeristy of China in 1992.
  Ray Chen. Mr. Chen has been our Chief Operating Officer since August 2020. Mr. Chen served as the director and chief operating officer of Wealthbridge Acquisition Limited, a special purpose acquisition company, from February 2018 until its business combination with Scienjoy Inc. in May 2020, and currently serves as the investor relation officer of Scienjoy since then. Mr. Chen served as chief executive officer at Fortissimo Film International Ltd., a privately-owned film development and production company from August 2016 till January 2018. From January 2013 to February 2016, Mr. Chen was the chief executive officer of Beijing Galloping Horse Film & TV Production Co., Ltd. From January 2010 to March 2013, Mr. Chen was the head of sales in the Beijing Office of Star Jet Co., Ltd. Prior to his Star Jet experience, Mr. Chen was the executive board member and head of sales in Asia Jet Partners Limited, a privately-owned holding company specializing in general aviation and aircraft leasing. Mr. Chen joined Asia Jet after his service as chief executive officer at ABC International Inc., a business consulting company based in Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. Chen holds a graduate certificate in Marketing from Cleveland State University.
  Yanhong Xue. Ms. Xue has been our Chief Financial Officer since August 2020. She is currently serving as a chief financial officer at Ifresh Inc. since March 2020. Since 2011, Ms. Xue has been a partner of Wall Street CPA Services, LLC, where she provides chief financial officer services and accounting services to XT Energy Group Inc. and several other U.S. public companies, coordinating investors, investment bankers, directors and legal counsels for corporate finance issues, and performing investor relations duties, including networking with investors, presenting and discussing operating results on investor conferences. Ms. Xue worked as a senior manager at Acquavella, Chiarelli, Shuster, Berkower & Co., LLP from September 2007 to October 2010 where she focused on SEC auditing services. She also worked at China Youth Daily as a finance and accounting manager from September 1997 to October 2004. Ms. Xue received her bachelor degree in history and law from Peking University in 1997 and master degree in accounting from State University of New York at Binghamton in 2007.
  Jining Li. Mr. Li has served as a Director of our Board since August 2020. Mr. Li served as the director of Wealthbridge Acquisition Limited, a special purpose acquisition company, from June 2018 until its business combination with Scienjoy Inc. in May 2020. Mr. Li is the founder and has acted as the chairman of Star Jet Co., Ltd in Shanghai, China, since May 2011. He also serves as director of Keen Nice Communications Limited since November 2017, HK Karsing Investment Limited since April 2008, and Star Jet (Hong Kong) Limited, since March 2012. Prior to Star Jet, Mr. Li founded United Eagle Airlines as the first non-government-owned airline company in the history of Chinese aviation industry in 2004. From 2004 to 2008, Mr. Li was the chairman of United Eagle Airlines. He served as the chairman of China Internet Investment Finance Holdings Limited (HKEx: 00810) from 2005 to 2007. In 1998, Mr. Li founded Guangdong Ying Lian Tong Telecommunication Services Co., Ltd and served as Chairman until 2004. From 1990 to 1998, Mr. Li served as chairman of Huahui Import and Export Trading Company. From 1988 to 1990, Mr. Li served as a manager in Guangdong Branch of China Council for the Promotion of International Trade. 
  68
    Kinpui Choi. Mr. Choi has served as a Director since August 2020. Mr. Choi served as the director of Wealthbridge Acquisition Limited, a special purpose acquisition company, from September 2018 until its business combination with Scienjoy Inc. in May 2020. He has over 26 years of senior management experience in telecommunication industry in Hong Kong, U.S. and China. From 2002 to 2006, he was the president and chief executive officer of Elephant Talk Communications Inc. Mr. Choi founded Elephant Talk Limited in 1994, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Elephant Talk Communications Inc. From April 1994 to August 2002, Mr. Choi was the chief executive officer of Elephant Talk Limited. From January 2013 to September 2018, Mr. Choi served as the independent director of Universal Success Group Limited (HKEx:00487). Previously, he also served as the chairman of ET Network Services Limited (later known as Guangdong Ming Ying Financial Leasing Co Limited), a Hong Kong-based company which specializes in providing telecommunication services in China.
  Michael Chen. Mr. Chen has served as a Director since August 2020. Since February 2009, Mr. Chen is currently the general partner and chief executive officer of Chen & Associates, an advisory services firm focused on the financial services, media, aviation, and food industries. Mr. Chen co-founded the firm in 1997 and joined full-time in 2013. He also serves as the vice chairman of Grace Farms Foundation (www.gracefarms.org) and as the chairman of The CEO Forum Group (www.theceoforumgroup.com). From 2012-2013, Mr. Chen was a management committee advisor and strategic partner to the chief investment officer at Bridgewater Associates. From 2011-2012, he was the president of NBC News’ Strategic Initiatives Group and served on the board of directors for The Weather Channel. Prior to joining NBC News, he served as the president and chief executive officer of GE Capital’s media, communications, and entertainment business from 2006-2010. He was also the chairman of the board and creator of the Peacock Equity Fund from 2006-2010, which was a digital media fund supported by GE and NBC Universal and later was sold to Comcast in 2011. Mr. Chen started as a financial analyst at IBM in 1985. After spending nine years at IBM in various financial and management positions, he joined GE in 1994 as vice president of risk and portfolio management for GE Capital Aviation Services (“GECAS”), where he was responsible for underwriting and evaluating airline financing deals for North America. He was appointed as senior vice president and general manager, North America of GECAS in 1999. Mr. Chen currently serves as an Emeritus Advisory Council member for the SC Johnson School of Business at Cornell University. In addition, he previously served on the board of The Weather Channel, the Norwalk Community College Foundation, the Diversity Advisory Board at Sodexo Corporation, the Executive Diversity Council of GE, and the Planning Team for Grace Community Church. He was named the top Asian American in business in 2008 by the Asian American Business Development Center, and he was presented with the “Distinguished Service Award” by Norwalk Community College in 2010. Mr. Chen received his bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Rochester and an MBA degree in finance from the SC Johnson School of Business at Cornell University.
  Claude P. Franco. Mr. Franco has served as a Director since August 2020. Mr. Franco is a skilled aircraft and engine leasing executive with airline restructuring and aircraft manufacturing experience. He previously served as a founder of Global Jet Capital, a company that provides leasing/financing solutions to the global private aircraft industry. This company was taken over by the Carlyle Group in 2015. Over the past 25 plus years he has worked at United Technologies Corporation focusing on sikorsky aircraft helicopter design, GECAS where he was responsible for commercial aircraft and commercial engine leasing and airline restructuring worldwide, Gulfstream Aerospace, Guggenheim Partners and White Oak Global Advisors. Mr. Franco’s experience in commercial aircraft leasing and finance, credit analysis, aviation parts (aftermarket and new) and asset management provide him a strong ability to assess existing or start-up leasing businesses. He also has securitized and bought and sold portfolios of aircraft and engines held by leasing companies and airlines. Mr. Franco knows and has relationships with many of the large leasing companies worldwide, aviation parts companies as well as global airlines and aircraft and engine manufacturers. He has strong experience managing through downturns, for example SARS, MERS, 9-11, and COVID-19 pandemic and understands the impact they had (are having) on leases, asset values and parts companies. Mr. Franco has spent a good portion of his career in front of prospective investors explaining aviation opportunities and downturn situations. He has a keen ability to read his audience, understand their concerns and address the risks and mitigants of the aviation leasing and aftermarket businesses. He relies on these credit skills to make potential investors comfortable and successfully negotiate debt lines with lenders. He has experience in negotiating transactions globally and also has experience with US and foreign governments. Mr. Franco has a solid understanding of manufacturing (operational process, contracts, sales, progress payments, etc.) and has negotiated transactions from most all major aircraft manufacturers worldwide. Mr. Franco has held securities and exchange licenses (Series 7 and 63), and has an understanding of the laws of securities and fixed income products. He holds degrees in aeronautical studies with engineering and management focus from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University and an MBA degree from Emory University.
  69
    Executive Officer and Director Compensation
  Other than the $10,000 per month administrative fee paid to Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the sponsor, and HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,451 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021) per month has been paid since June, 2020 to Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, for his services to us, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, has been paid or will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged.
  After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All the these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely of independent directors.
  We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
  Director Independence
  Nasdaq requires that a majority of our board must be composed of “independent directors.” Currently, Kinpui Choi, Michael Chen and Claude P. Franco would each be considered an “independent director” under the Nasdaq listing rules, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.
  70
    We will only enter into a business combination if it is approved by a majority of our independent directors. Additionally, we will only enter into transactions with our officers and directors and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Any related-party transactions must also be approved by our audit committee and a majority of disinterested independent directors.
  Audit Committee
  Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee all of whom must be independent. Effective as of the date of this prospectus, we have established an audit committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Kinpui Choi, Michael Chen and Claude P. Franco, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. Kinpui Choi is the Chairperson of the audit committee. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to:
    ● reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K;
     ● discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements;
    ● discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies;
    ● monitoring the independence of the independent auditor;
    ● verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;
    ● reviewing and approving all related-party transactions;
    ● inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
    ● pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;
    ● appointing or replacing the independent auditor;
    ● determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;
    ● establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and
    ● approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses.
  Financial Experts on Audit Committee
  The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of “independent directors” who are “financially literate” as defined under Nasdaq listing standards. Nasdaq listing standards define “financially literate” as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement.
  In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Kinpui Choi qualified as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC.
  71
    Nominating Committee
  Effective as of the date of this prospectus, we have established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Kinpui Choi, Michael Chen and Claude P. Franco, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. Kinpui Choi is the Chairperson of the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others.
  Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees
  The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated:
    ● should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;
    ● should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and
    ● should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.
  The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our memorandum and articles of association. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.
  Compensation Committee
  Effective as of the date of this prospectus, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Kinpui Choi, Michael Chen and Claude P. Franco, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. Kinpui Choi is the Chairperson of the compensation committee. The compensation committee’s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to:
    ● reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer’s based on such evaluation;
    ● reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers;
    ● reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;
    ● implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
    ● assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
    ● approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;
    ● if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
    ● reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
  72
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, including our directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination, except that our Chief Executive Officer, Yongsheng Liu has been paid since June 2020 at the monthly salary of HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,451 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021) per month, for his services to us. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.
  Code of Ethics
  Upon consummation of this offering, we will adopt a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business.
  Conflicts of Interest
  Potential investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest:
    ● None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities.
    ● In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
    ● Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company.
    ● The insider shares owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if a business combination is successfully completed and subject to certain other limitations. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive distributions from the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares if we do not complete a business combination. Furthermore, our initial shareholders have agreed that the private units will not be sold or transferred by them until after we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us after this offering and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, the personal and financial interests of our directors and executive officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, completing a business combination in a timely manner and securing the release of their shares.
  Under British Virgin Islands law, directors owe the following fiduciary duties:
  (i) duty to act in good faith in what the director believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;
  (ii) duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;
  (iii) directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;
  (iv) duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and
  (v) duty to exercise independent judgment.
  In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has.
  As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.
  73
    Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. Furthermore, most of our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary obligations to other businesses of which they are officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary obligations. Accordingly, it is possible they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities.
  In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations he might have.
  The following table summarizes the other relevant pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors:
  Name of Individual   Name of Affiliated Company   Affiliation   Priority/Preference relative to Goldenbridge Acquisition
Limited
Jining Li   Star Jet Co., Ltd.   Founder and Chairman   Star Jet Co., Ltd.
Michael Chen   Chen & Associates   General Partner and
Chief Executive Officer   Chen & Associates
Yanhong Xue   Wall Street CPA Services, LLC   Partner   Wall Street CPA Services, LLC
  In connection with the vote required for any business combination, all of our existing shareholders, including all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective insider shares and private shares in favor of any proposed business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to those ordinary shares acquired by them prior to this offering. If they purchase ordinary shares in this offering or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert such shares (or sell their shares in any tender offer) in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination or an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to pre-business combination activity.
  All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties.
  To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or initial shareholders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial shareholders, officers, directors, special advisors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination, except that the payment to Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the sponsor, of a monthly fee of $10,000 for general and administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial support, and that Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer will receive HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,451 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021) per month for his service to us. Such payments began in June 2020.
  74
    Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to certain limitations, the company shall indemnify its directors and officers against all expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to what the person believes is in the best interests of the company and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful. The decision of the directors as to whether the person acted honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company and as to whether the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful and is, in the absence of fraud, sufficient for the purposes of the memorandum and articles of association, unless a question of law is involved. The termination of any proceedings by any judgment, order, settlement, conviction or the entering of a nolle prosequi does not, by itself, create a presumption that the person did not act honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company or that the person had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
  We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association also will permit us to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer or director who at the request of the Company is or was serving as a director or officer of, or in any other capacity is or was acting for, another company or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against the person and incurred by the person in that capacity, whether or not the company has or would have had the power to indemnify the person against the liability as provided in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.
  These provisions may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
  We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
  Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is theretofore unenforceable.
  75
    PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS
  The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this prospectus and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our ordinary shares included in the units offered by this prospectus (assuming none of the individuals listed purchase units in this offering), by:
    ● each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares;
    ● each of our officers and directors; and
    ● all of our officers and directors as a group.
  Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants or conversion of rights as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus and the rights are not convertible within sixty days of the date of this prospectus.
      Prior to Offering     After Offering(2)  
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)   Amount and
Nature of
Beneficial
Ownership     Approximate
Percentage of
Outstanding
Ordinary
Shares     Amount and
Nature of
Beneficial
Ownership     Approximate
Percentage of
Outstanding
Ordinary
Shares  
Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited(3)     120,583       8.39 %     419,295       6.33 %
Yongsheng Liu(4)     245,250       17.06 %     140,938       2.13 %
Yanhong Xue     15,000       1.04 %     8,620       *%  
Ray Chen     15,000       1.04 %     8,620       *%  
Jining Li (5)     120,583       8.39 %     419,295       6.33 %
Kinpui Choi     15,000       1.04 %     8,620       *%  
Michael Chen     15,000       1.04 %     8,620       *%  
Claude P. Franco     15,000       1.04 %     8,620       *%  
Golden Bridge Holding, LLC     300,000       20.87 %     300,000       4.53 %
Scienjoy Inc.     606,061       42.16 %     606,061       9.15 %
Lucky Link International Limited     30,000       2.09 %     30,000       *%  
Can Wu     60,606       4.22 %     60,606       *%  
All directors and executive officers (seven individuals) as a group     440,833       30.67 %     603,333       9.11 %
All directors and executive officers (eleven individuals) and other initial shareholders as a group     1,437,500       100.00 %     1,600,000       24.15 %
  * Less than 1%.
  (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited, 15/F, Aubin House, 171-172 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.
  (2) Assumes no exercise of the over-allotment option and, therefore, an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders are forfeited.
  (3) Jining Li owns and controls, Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, our sponsor.
  (4) Yongsheng Liu owns and controls such shares through Asia Pacific Capital Management Limited.
  (5) Consists of shares owned by Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, our sponsor.
  Immediately after this offering, our initial shareholders will beneficially own approximately 24.15% of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming none of them purchase any units offered by this prospectus). None of our initial shareholders, officers and directors has indicated to us that he intends to purchase securities in this offering. Because of the ownership block held by our initial shareholders, such individuals may be able to effectively exercise control over all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our initial business combination.
  If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of the over-allotment option, our initial shareholders will have up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture as required by British Virgin Islands law. Our initial shareholders will be required to have redeemed by us only a number of shares necessary to maintain their collective 20% ownership interest in our ordinary shares (excluding the private units) after giving effect to the offering and the exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
  76
    All of the insider shares issued and outstanding prior to the date of this prospectus will be placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as escrow agent, until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider shares, six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. Up to 187,500 of the insider shares may also be released from escrow earlier than this date for forfeiture and cancellation if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full as described above. 
  During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (i) for transfers to our officers, directors or their respective affiliates (including for transfers to an entity’s members upon its liquidation), (ii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (iv) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (v) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases of our securities, (vi) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (vii) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, in each case (except for clause (vii)) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement, but will retain all other rights as our shareholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their ordinary shares and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in ordinary shares, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate the trust account, none of our initial shareholders will receive any portion of the liquidation proceeds with respect to their insider shares.
  Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 350,000 private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $3,500,000). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. The private units are identical to the units sold in this offering except the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Additionally, because the private units will be issued in a private transaction, the holders of the private warrants and their transferees will be allowed to exercise such warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares. Furthermore, our sponsor has agreed (A) to vote the ordinary shares underlying the private units, or “private shares,” in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop our public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 12 months (or 21 months if we have extended the period of time as described in this prospectus) from the closing of this offering unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any private shares for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity and (D) that the private shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. The purchasers of the private units have also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares) until the completion of our initial business combination.
  In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 55,000 ordinary shares (which includes 5,000 shares issuable upon conversion of rights) and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted). Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the units and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will not be repaid.
  Our sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our “promoters,” as that term is defined under the Federal securities laws.
  77
    CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS
  In August 2019, 10,000 shares were sold. In September 2020, the Company issued another 1,427,500 ordinary shares resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding to the sponsor and our directors and officers, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “insider shares,” for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. In January 2021, our sponsor transferred part of its insider shares to Golden Bridge Holding, LLC, Scienjoy Inc., Lucky Link International Limited, and Can Wu, and after such transfers, our sponsor currently owns 120,583 ordinary shares.
  If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of their over-allotment option, our initial shareholders have agreed that up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares in proportion to the portion of the over-allotment option that was not exercised are subject to forfeiture and would be immediately cancelled.
  If the underwriters determine the size of the offering should be increased (including pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act) or decreased, a share capitalizations or a contribution back to capital, as applicable, would be effectuated in order to maintain our initial shareholder’s ownership at a percentage of the number of shares to be sold in this offering.
  Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 350,000 private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $3,500,000). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. The purchase price for the private units being purchased by our sponsor will be delivered to Loeb & Loeb LLP, our counsel in connection with this offering, who will also be acting solely as escrow agent in connection with the private sale of such units, at least 24 hours prior to the date of this prospectus to hold in a non-interest bearing account until we consummate this offering. Loeb & Loeb LLP will deposit the purchase price into the trust account simultaneously with the consummation of the offering. The private units are identical to the units sold in this offering except as otherwise described in this prospectus. The purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units or the underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares) until the completion of our initial business combination. 
  In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our initial shareholders, officers and directors and their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 55,000 ordinary shares (which includes 5,000 shares issuable upon conversion of rights) and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted). Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the units and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available.
  The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private units (and all underlying securities) and any securities our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans or loans to extend our life made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units or securities issued in payment of working capital loans or loans to extend our life made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
  As of September 30, 2020, our sponsor had loaned us an aggregate of $239,512 to be used to pay formation expenses and a portion of the expenses of this offering. The loan is payable without interest on the date on which we consummate our initial public offering. We intend to repay this loan from the proceeds of this offering not being placed in the trust account. If we determine not to proceed with the offering, such amounts would not be repaid.
  78
    Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the sponsor, has agreed that, commencing on the date of this prospectus through the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation, it will make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support, as we may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay $10,000 per month for these services, and HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,451 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021) per month will be paid to Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, for his services to us. Such payments began in June, 2020, and will be paid out of the administrative services fee payments after the closing of our offering. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. We believe that the fee charged by Golden Bridge Capital Limited is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person.
  Other than the fees described above, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of our initial shareholders, officers or directors who owned our ordinary shares prior to this offering, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior to or with respect to the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
  We will reimburse our officers and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial shareholder or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.
  All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any compensation, will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors (to the extent we have any) or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested “independent” directors (or, if there are no “independent” directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties.
  Related Party Policy
  Our Code of Ethics, which we will adopt upon consummation of this offering, will require us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our ordinary shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position.
  We also require each of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.
  Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.
  These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer.
  To further minimize potential conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial shareholders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination, except that Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Executive Officer will receive HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,451 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.75 to US$1.00 on January 12, 2021) per month for his service to us.
  79
    DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
  General
  We are a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a BVI business company (company number 2019682) and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. We are currently authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of a single class, each with no par value. As of the date of this prospectus, 1,437,500 ordinary shares are issued and outstanding, held by our initial shareholders. No preferred shares are issued or outstanding or authorized by the Company’s constitutional documents. The following description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
  Units
  Each unit consists of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant and one right. Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share. Each redeemable warrant has an exercise price $11.50 per full share and shall expire on the five year anniversary of the closing date of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only an even number of warrants may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. For example, if a warrant holder holds one warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) of one share, such warrant shall not be exercisable. If a warrant holder holds two warrants, such warrants will be exercisable for one share. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, we will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of British Virgin Islands Law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination.
  The ordinary shares, warrants and rights will begin to trade separately on the 90th day after the date of this prospectus unless Maxim Group LLC determines that an earlier date is acceptable (based upon, among other things, its assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets and small capitalization companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular). In no event will Maxim Group LLC allow separate trading of the ordinary shares, warrants and rights until we file an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering.
  We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet promptly upon the consummation of this offering. The audited balance sheet will reflect proceeds we receive from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K, or a new Form 8-K, to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K information indicating when separate trading of the ordinary shares, warrants and rights has commenced.
  Ordinary Shares
  Our shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, all of our initial shareholders, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective ordinary shares owned by them immediately prior to this offering and any shares purchased in this offering or following this offering in the open market in favor of the proposed business combination.
  We will proceed with the business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon consummation of such business combination and a majority of the ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. At least five days’ notice must be given for each general meeting (although we will provide whatever minimum number of days are required under Federal securities laws). Shareholders may vote at meetings in person or by proxy.
  The members of our Board of Directors serve until the next annual general meeting. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors.
  Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not consummate a business combination by 12 months from the consummation of this offering (or 21 months if we have extended the period of time as described in this prospectus), it will trigger our automatic winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution from the trust account with respect to their insider shares upon our winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution.
  80
      Our shareholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that public shareholders have the right to have their public shares converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination and the business combination is completed. Public shareholders who convert their public shares into their portion of the trust account still have the right to exercise the redeemable warrants that they received as part of the units.
  Register of Members
  Under the Companies Law, the ordinary shares are deemed to be issued when the name of the shareholder is entered in our register of members. Our register of members will be maintained by our transfer agent Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, which will enter the name of Cede & Co  in our register of members on the closing of this offering as nominee for each of the respective public shareholders. If (a) information that is required to be entered in the register of members is omitted from the register or is inaccurately entered in the register, or (b) there is unreasonable delay in entering information in the register, a shareholder of the company, or any person who is aggrieved by the omission, inaccuracy or delay, may apply to the British Virgin Islands courts for an order that the register be rectified, and the court may either refuse the application or order the rectification of the register, and may direct the company to pay all costs of the application and any damages the applicant may have sustained.
   Redeemable Warrants
  No warrants are currently outstanding. Each redeemable warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and 12 months from from the closing of this offering. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only an even number of warrants may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. However, except as set forth below, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within 60 days from the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
  We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants but including any outstanding warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option issued to Maxim Group LLC and its designees), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
    ● at any time while the warrants are exercisable,
    ● upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder,
    ● if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.50 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders (the “Force-Call Provision”), and
    ● if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
  The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant.
  The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.
  81
    If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis” will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances.
  In addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.50 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the Market Price is below $9.50 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the Market Price, and the $16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165% of the Market Value.
  The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
  The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share capitalizations, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices.
  The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
  Except as described above, no warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the ordinary shares have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the ordinary shares is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless.
  Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder (and his, her or its affiliates) would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder (and his, her or its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any person who acquires a warrant with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of our company, or in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect, immediately upon such acquisition will be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the underlying ordinary shares and not be able to take advantage of this provision.
  No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share (as a result of a subsequent share capitalizations payable in ordinary shares, or by a split up of the ordinary shares or other similar event), we will, upon exercise, round up or down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.
  Contractual Arrangements with respect to the Private Warrants
  We have agreed that so long as the private warrants are still held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates, we will not redeem such warrants and we will allow the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis (even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective). However, once any of the foregoing warrants are transferred from the initial purchasers or their affiliates, these arrangements will no longer apply. Additionally, the representative of the underwriters has agreed that it will not be permitted to exercise any warrants underlying the purchase option to be issued to it and/or its designees upon consummation of this offering after the five year anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Furthermore, because the private warrants will be issued in a private transaction, the holders and their transferees will be allowed to exercise the private warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares.
  82
    Rights
  Except in cases where we are not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted all ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-business combination activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional ordinary shares upon consummation of an initial business combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis.
  We will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of British Virgin Islands Law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless.
  Unit Purchase Option
  We have agreed to sell to Maxim Group LLC an option for $100 to purchase up to a total of 250,000 units (or 287,500 units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at $11.50 per unit. The units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical to those offered by this prospectus, subject to compliance with FINRA Rule 5110. For a more complete description of the unit purchase option, see the section below entitled “Underwriting — Unit Purchase Option.”
  Dividends
  We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.
  Our Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent and Rights Agent
  The transfer agent for our ordinary shares, warrant agent for our warrants, and rights agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219.
   Listing of our Securities
  There is presently no public market for our units, ordinary shares, warrants or rights. We intend to apply to have the units, and the ordinary shares, warrants and rights once they begin separate trading, listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “GBRGU,” “GBRG,” “GBRGW,” and “GBRGR,” respectively. Although, after giving effect to this offering, we meet on a pro forma basis the minimum initial listing standards of Nasdaq, which generally only requires that we meet certain requirements relating to shareholders’ equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq as we might not meet certain continued listing standards.
  83
    BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS COMPANY CONSIDERATIONS
  Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and by the Companies Law. The Companies Law contains many English law principles but does not follow recent English law statutory enactments and differs from laws applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of some significant differences between the provisions of the Companies Law applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. A brief discussion of the procedure for mergers and similar arrangements in the British Virgin Islands also follows.
  There have been few, if any, court cases interpreting the Companies Law in the British Virgin Islands, and we cannot predict whether British Virgin Islands courts would reach the same conclusions as U.S. courts. Therefore, you may have more difficulty in protecting your interests in the face of actions by the management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a U.S. jurisdiction which has developed a substantial body of case law. The following table provides a comparison between the statutory provisions of the Companies Law and the Delaware General Corporation Law relating to shareholders’ rights.
  British Virgin Islands   Delaware
      Shareholder Meetings
  ●  Held at a time and place as designated in the articles of association. Our articles of association provide that our board may designate such time and place.   ● Held at such time or place as designated in the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws, or if not so designated, as determined by the board of directors
          ●  May be held within or without the British Virgin Islands   ●  May be held within or without Delaware
          ●  Notice:     ●  Notice:
              o  Whenever shareholders are required to take action at a meeting, written notice shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and indicate that it is being issued by or at the direction of the person calling the meeting.     o  Whenever shareholders are required to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, and the means of remote communication, if any.
                o  A copy of the notice of any meeting shall be given personally or sent by mail or electronic form as designated in the Articles of Association.     o  Written notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the meeting.
                o  Notice of not less than 7 days’ before the meeting        
              Shareholders’ Voting Rights
          ●  Any action required to be taken by meeting of shareholders may be taken without meeting if consent is in writing and is signed by a majority of the shareholders entitled to vote if permitted by the articles of association. Our articles of association provide for such consent in writing.   ● Any action required to be taken by meeting of shareholders may be taken without meeting if consent is in writing and is signed by all the shareholders entitled to vote
  84
    British Virgin Islands   Delaware
      ●  Any person authorized to vote may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy if permitted by the articles of association. Our articles of association permit such proxies.   ●  Any person authorized to vote may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy.
          ●  Quorum is as designated in the articles of Association. Quorum in our articles of association is shareholders representing not less than one-half of the votes of the shares entitled to vote on resolutions of members to be considered at the meeting.   ●  For stock corporations, certificate of incorporation or by-laws may specify the number to constitute a quorum but in no event shall a quorum consist of less than one-third of shares entitled to vote at a meeting. In the absence of such specifications, a majority of shares entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum.
          ●  The amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Our articles of association do not provide for cumulative voting.   ●  The certificate of incorporation may provide for cumulative voting.
          ●  Changes in the rights of shareholders as set forth in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require approval of at least 50% of the shareholders.        
            Directors
              ●  Board must consist of at least one director. Our articles of association provide that there shall be no less than two directors.   ● Board must consist of at least one member.
          ●  Maximum number of directors can be changed by an amendment to the articles of association. Our articles of association do not provide for a maximum number.   ●  Number of board members shall be fixed by the by-laws, unless the certificate of incorporation fixes the number of directors, in which case a change in the number shall be made only by amendment of the certificate.
          ●  If the board is authorized to change the number of directors actually appointed, provided that the number still falls within the maximum and the minimum number of directors as set out in the articles of association, it can do so provided that it complies with the procedure set out in the articles of association. Our articles of association permit our board to appoint additional directors.        
  85
    British Virgin Islands   Delaware
      Fiduciary Duties
  ●  In summary, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:   ●  Directors and officers must act in good faith, with the care of a prudent person, and in the best interest of the corporation as a whole.
            o    Duty to act in good faith in what the directors believe to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;   ●  Directors and officers must refrain from self-dealing, usurping corporate opportunities and receiving improper personal benefits.
              o    Duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;   ●  Decisions made by directors and officers on an informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action was taken in the best interest of the corporation will be protected by the “business judgment rule.”
              o  Directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;        
                o  Duty to exercise powers fairly as between different groups of shareholders;        
                o  Duty not to put himself in a position of conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and        
                o  Duty to exercise independent judgment.        
              ●   In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as “a reasonably diligent person having both:        
              o    the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company, and        
                o    the nature of the company, the nature of the decision and the position of the director and the responsibilities undertaken.        
              ●  As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of his position. However, in some instances a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.        
  86
    British Virgin Islands   Delaware
      Shareholders’ Derivative Actions
  ●   Generally speaking, the company is the proper plaintiff in any action. Derivative actions brought by one or more of the registered shareholders may only be brought with the leave of the Supreme Court where the following circumstances apply:   ●  In any derivative suit instituted by a shareholder of a corporation, it shall be averred in the complaint that the plaintiff was a shareholder of the corporation at the time of the transaction of which he complains or that such shareholder’s stock thereafter devolved upon such shareholder by operation of law.
            o    Those who control the company have refused a request by the shareholders to move the company to bring the action;   ●  Complaint shall set forth with particularity the efforts of the plaintiff to obtain the action by the board or the reasons for not making such effort.
              o    Those who control the company have refused to do so for improper reasons such that they are perpetrating a “fraud on the minority” (this is a legal concept and is different to “fraud” in the sense of dishonesty);   ●  Such action shall not be dismissed or compromised without the approval of the Chancery Court.
              o    a company is acting or proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;   ●  Shareholders of a Delaware corporation that redeemed their shares, or whose shares were canceled in connection with dissolution, would not be able to bring a derivative action against the corporation after the shares have been redeemed or canceled.
              o    the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could only be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or        
                o    the individual rights of the plaintiff shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.        
              ●  Once a shareholder has relinquished his, her or its shares (whether by redemption or otherwise), it is generally the case that they could no longer bring a derivative action as they would no longer be a registered shareholder.        
  87
    Material Differences in British Virgin Islands and Delaware Law
  We believe that the material differences between British Virgin Islands and Delaware corporate law are as follows:
    ● Shareholder Notice.  Delaware law requires written notice of shareholders meetings of between 10 and 60 days. British Virgin Islands law permits a company’s articles to have 7 days’ notice. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of Association provide that we must give shareholders 10 days’ (exclusive of the date that notice is given and the date on which event for which notice is given is to take effect) notice of shareholders meetings, which is equivalent to what is required by Delaware law.
    ● Quorum.  Delaware law requires a minimum quorum of one-third of the issued and outstanding shares for a shareholders meeting, whereas British Virgin Islands law enables a company’s articles of association to designate the minimum quorum requirements. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a quorum consists of shareholders representing not less than one-half of the votes of the shares entitled to vote on resolutions of members to be considered at the meeting.
          ● Shareholder Derivative Suits.  Delaware generally allows shareholders to commence derivative actions in their own name. Under British Virgin Islands law, derivative actions are normally instituted by a shareholder in the name of the company and require leave of the Court. Accordingly, British Virgin Islands law is more restrictive than Delaware law and shareholders may be restricted from initiating shareholder derivative suits in their own name.
   Certain Differences in Corporate Law
  Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the provisions of applicable British Virgin Islands law, including the Companies Law. The Companies Law differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Law applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders.
  Mergers and Similar Arrangements. The Companies Law provides for mergers as that expression is understood under United States corporate law. Under the Companies Law, two or more companies may either merge into one of such existing companies (the “surviving company”) or consolidate with both existing companies ceasing to exist and forming a new company (the “consolidated company”). The procedure for a merger or consolidation between the company and another company (which need not be a British Virgin Islands company, and which may be the company’s parent or subsidiary, but need not be) is set out in the Companies Law. The directors of the British Virgin Islands company or British Virgin Islands companies which are to merge or consolidate must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation which., with the exception of a merger between a parent company and its subsidiary, must also be approved by a resolution of a majority of the shareholders who are entitled to vote and actually vote at a quorate meeting of shareholders or by written resolution of the shareholders of the British Virgin Islands company or British Virgin Islands companies which are to merge. A foreign company which is able under the laws of its foreign jurisdiction to participate in the merger or consolidation is required by the Companies Law to comply with the laws of that foreign jurisdiction in relation to the merger or consolidation. The company must then execute articles of merger or consolidation, containing certain prescribed details. The plan and articles of merger or consolidation are then filed with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands. The Registrar then registers the articles of merger or consolidation and any amendment to the memorandum and articles of the surviving company in a merger or the memorandum and articles of association of the new consolidated company in a consolidation and issue a certificate of merger or consolidation (which is conclusive evidence of compliance with all requirements of the Companies Law in respect of the merger or consolidation). The merger is effective on the date that the articles of merger are registered with the Registrar or on such subsequent date, not exceeding thirty days, as is stated in the articles of merger or consolidation.
  As soon as a merger becomes effective: (a) the surviving company or consolidated company (so far as is consistent with its memorandum and articles of association, as amended or established by the articles of merger or consolidation) has all rights, privileges, immunities, powers, objects and purposes of each of the constituent companies; (b) in the case of a merger, the memorandum and articles of association of any surviving company are automatically amended to the extent, if any, that changes to its amended memorandum and articles of association are contained in the articles of merger or, in the case of a consolidation, the memorandum and articles of association filed with the articles of consolidation are the memorandum and articles of the consolidated company; (c) assets of every description, including choses-in-action and the business of each of the constituent companies, immediately vest in the surviving company or consolidated company; (d) the surviving company or consolidated company is liable for all claims, debts, liabilities and obligations of each of the constituent companies; (e) no conviction, judgment, ruling, order, claim, debt, liability or obligation due or to become due, and no cause existing, against a constituent company or against any member, director, officer or agent thereof, is released or impaired by the merger or consolidation; and (f) no proceedings, whether civil or criminal, pending at the time of a merger by or against a constituent company, or against any member, director, officer or agent thereof, are abated or discontinued by the merger or consolidation; but: (i) the proceedings may be enforced, prosecuted, settled or compromised by or against the surviving company or consolidated company or against the member, director, officer or agent thereof; as the case may be; or (ii) the surviving company or consolidated company may be substituted in the proceedings for a constituent company. The Registrar shall strike off the register of companies each constituent company that is not the surviving company in the case of a merger and all constituent companies in the case of a consolidation.
  88
    If the directors determine it to be in the best interests of the company, it is also possible for a merger to be approved as a Court approved plan of arrangement or scheme of arrangement in accordance with the Companies Law. However, we do not anticipate the use of such statutory provisions because we expect the required terms of the initial business combination will be capable of being achieved through other means, such as a merger or consolidation (as described above), a share exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating business.
  Poison Pill Defenses. Under the Companies Law there are no provisions, which specifically prevent the issuance of preferred shares or any such other ‘poison pill’ measures. The amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company also do not contain any express prohibitions on the issuance of any preferred shares. Therefore, the directors without the approval of the holders of ordinary shares may issue preferred shares (if such shares have been created and authorized for issue by the Company) that have characteristics that may be deemed to be anti-takeover. Additionally, such a designation of shares may be used in connection with plans that are poison pill plans. However, as noted above under the Companies Law, a director in the exercise of his powers and performance of his duties is required to act honestly and in good faith in what the director believes to be the best interests of the Company.
  Directors. Our directors are appointed by our shareholders and are subject to rotational retirement every two years. The initial terms of office of the Class I and Class II directors have been staggered over a period of two years to ensure that all directors of the company do not face re-election in the same year. However, the directors may by resolution appoint a replacement director to fill a casual vacancy arising on the resignation, disqualification or death of a director. The replacement director will then hold office until the next annual general meeting at which the director he replaces would have been subject to retirement by rotation. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a director may not be removed from office by a resolution of our shareholders prior to the consummation of our business combination. There is nothing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, which specifically prohibits or restricts the creation of cumulative voting rights for the election of our directors. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide for cumulative voting for such elections.
  There are no share ownership qualifications for directors. Meetings of our board of directors may be convened at any time by any of our directors.
  A meeting of our board of directors will be quorate if at least a majority of the directors are present. At any meeting of our directors, each director, by his or her presence, is entitled to one vote. Questions arising at a meeting of our board of directors are required to be decided by simple majority votes of the directors present or represented at the meeting. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or deciding vote. Our board of directors also may pass resolutions in writing without a meeting.
  Agents. Our board of directors has the power to appoint any person (whether or not a director or other officer of the company) to be an agent of the company except that, as stated in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the Companies Law, no agent shall be given any power or authority to amend the memorandum or the articles of association in place of the directors or members; to designate committees of directors; to delegate powers to a committee of directors; to appoint directors; to appoint an agent; to approve a plan of merger, consolidation or arrangement; or to make a declaration of solvency or to approve a liquidation plan. The resolution of directors appointing the agent may authorize the agent to appoint one or more substitutes or delegates to exercise some or all of the powers conferred on the agent. Our directors may remove an agent and may revoke or vary a power conferred on the agent.
  Indemnification of Directors. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to certain limitations, the company shall indemnify its directors and officers against all expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to what the person believed were in the best interests of the company and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful. The decision of the directors as to whether the person acted honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company and as to whether the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful is, in the absence of fraud, sufficient for the purposes of the memorandum and articles of association, unless a question of law is involved. The termination of any proceedings by any judgment, order, settlement, conviction or the entering of a nolle prosequi does not, by itself, create a presumption that the person did not act honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company or that the person had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
  89
    Directors and Conflicts of Interest. As noted in the table above, pursuant to the Companies Law and the company’s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a director of a company who has an interest in a transaction and who has declared such interest to the other directors, may:
  (a) vote on a matter relating to the transaction;
  (b) attend a meeting of directors at which a matter relating to the transaction arises and be included among the directors present at the meeting for the purposes of a quorum; and
  (c) sign a document on behalf of the Company, or do any other thing in his capacity as a director, that relates to the transaction.
  Shareholders’ Suits. Our British Virgin Islands counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a British Virgin Islands court. The enforcement of the company’s rights will ordinarily be a matter for its directors.
  In certain limited circumstances, a shareholder has the right to seek various remedies against the company in the event the directors are in breach of their duties under the Companies Law. Pursuant to Section 184B of the Companies Law, if a company or director of a company engages in, or proposes to engage in or has engaged in, conduct that contravenes the provisions of the Companies Law or the memorandum or articles of association of the company, the British Virgin Islands Court may, on application of a shareholder or director of the company, make an order directing the company or director to comply with, or restraining the company or director from engaging in conduct that contravenes the Companies Law or the memorandum or articles. Furthermore, pursuant to section 184I(1) of the Companies Law a shareholder of a company who considers that the affairs of the company have been, are being or likely to be, conducted in a manner that is, or any acts of the company have been, or are likely to be oppressive, unfairly discriminatory, or unfairly prejudicial to him in that capacity, may apply to the British Virgin Islands Court for an order which, inter alia, can require the company or any other person to pay compensation to the shareholders.
  The Companies Law provides for a series of remedies available to shareholders. Where a company incorporated under the Companies Law conducts some activity, which breaches the Act or the company’s memorandum and articles of association, the court can issue a restraining or compliance order. Under the Companies Law, a shareholder of a company may bring an action against the company for breach of a duty owed by the company to him as a member. A shareholder also may, with the permission of the British Virgin Islands Court, bring an action or intervene in a matter in the name of the company, in certain circumstances. Such actions are known as derivative actions. As noted above, the British Virgin Islands Court may only grant permission to bring a derivative action where the following circumstances apply:
  ● the company does not intend to bring, diligently continue or defend or discontinue proceedings; and
  ● it is in the interests of the company that the conduct of the proceedings not be left to the directors or to the determination of the shareholders as a whole.
  ● When considering whether to grant leave, the British Virgin Islands Court is also required to have regard to the following matters:
      - whether the shareholder is acting in good faith;
- whether a derivative action is in the company’s best interests, taking into account the directors’ views on commercial matters;
- whether the action is likely to proceed;
- the costs of the proceedings; and
- whether an alternative remedy is available.
  Any member of a company may apply to the British Virgin Islands Court under the Insolvency Act for the appointment of a liquidator to liquidate the company and the court may appoint a liquidator for the company if it is of the opinion that it is just and equitable to do so.
  The Companies Law provides that any shareholder of a company is entitled to payment of the fair value of his shares upon dissenting from any of the following: (a) a merger if the company is a constituent company, unless the company is the surviving company and the member continues to hold the same or similar shares; (b) a consolidation if the company is a constituent company; (c) any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or other disposition of more than 50 per cent in value of the assets or business of the company if not made in the usual or regular course of the business carried on by the company but not including: (i) a disposition pursuant to an order of the court having jurisdiction in the matter, (ii) a disposition for money on terms requiring all or substantially all net proceeds to be distributed to the members in accordance with their respective interest within one year after the date of disposition, or (iii) a transfer pursuant to the power of the directors to transfer assets for the protection thereof; (d) a compulsory redemption of 10 per cent, or fewer of the issued shares of the company required by the holders of 90 percent, or more of the shares of the company pursuant to the terms of the Act; and (e) a plan of arrangement, if permitted by the British Virgin Islands Court.
  90
    Generally any other claims against a company by its shareholders must be based on the general laws of contract or tort applicable in the British Virgin Islands or their individual rights as shareholders as established by a company’s memorandum and articles of association. There are common law rights for the protection of shareholders that may be invoked, largely derived from English common law. Under the general English company law known as the rule in Foss v. Harbottle, a court will generally refuse to interfere with the management of a company at the insistence of a minority of its shareholders who express dissatisfaction with the conduct of the company’s affairs by the majority or the board of directors. However, every shareholder is entitled to seek to have the affairs of the company conducted properly according to law and the constituent documents of the corporation. As such, if those who control the company have persistently disregarded the requirements of company law or the provisions of a company’s memorandum and articles of association, then the courts may grant relief. Generally, the areas in which the courts will intervene are the following:
  ● a company is acting or proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;
  ● the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could only be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained;
  ● the individual rights of the plaintiff shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed; or
  ● those who control the company are perpetrating a “fraud on the minority.”
  Under the law of Delaware, the rights of minority shareholders are similar to that which will be applicable to the shareholders of the company.
  Compulsory Acquisition. Under the Companies Law, subject to any limitations in a company’s memorandum or articles, members holding 90% of the votes of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, and members holding 90% of the votes of the outstanding shares of each class of shares entitled to vote, may give a written instruction to the company directing the company to redeem the shares held by the remaining members. Upon receipt of such written instruction, the company shall redeem the shares specified in the written instruction, irrespective of whether or not the shares are by their terms redeemable. The company shall give written notice to each member whose shares are to be redeemed stating the redemption price and the manner in which the redemption is to be effected. A member whose shares are to be so redeemed is entitled to dissent from such redemption, and to be paid the fair value of his shares, as described under “Shareholders’ Suits” above.
  Share Repurchases and Redemptions. As permitted by the Companies Law and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, shares may be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired by us. Depending on the circumstances of the redemption or repurchase, our directors may need to determine that immediately following the redemption or repurchase we will be able to satisfy our debts as they fall due and the value of our assets exceeds our liabilities. Our directors may only exercise this power on our behalf, subject to the Companies Law, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and to any applicable requirements imposed from time to time by the SEC, the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other stock exchange on which our securities are listed.
  Dividends. Subject to the Companies Law and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our directors may declare dividends at a time and amount they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that, immediately after distribution of the dividend, the value of our assets will exceed our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they fall due. No dividend shall carry interest against us.
  Rights of Non-resident or Foreign Shareholders and Disclosure of Substantial Shareholdings. There are no limitations imposed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association on the rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or exercise voting rights on our shares. In addition, there are no provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the ownership threshold above which shareholder ownership must be disclosed.
  Untraceable Shareholders. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are entitled to sell any shares of a shareholder who is untraceable, as long as: (a) all checks, not being less than three in total number, for any sums payable in cash to the holder of such shares have remained uncashed for a period of 12 years; (b) we have not during that time or before the expiry of the three-month period referred to in (c) below received any indication of the existence of the shareholder or person entitled to such shares by death, bankruptcy or operation of law; and (c) upon expiration of the 12-year period, we have caused an advertisement to be published in newspapers, giving notice of our intention to sell these shares, and a period of three months or such shorter period has elapsed since the date of such advertisement. The net proceeds of any such sale shall belong to us, and when we receive these net proceeds we shall become indebted to the former shareholder for an amount equal to such net proceeds.
  91
    Transfer of Shares. Subject to any applicable restrictions set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or contractually agreed, any of our shareholders may transfer all or any of his or her shares by an instrument of transfer in the usual or common form or in any other form which our directors may approve.
  Inspection of Books and Records. Under the Companies Law, members of the general public, on payment of a nominal fee, can obtain copies of the public records of a company available at the office of the Registrar which will include the company’s certificate of incorporation, its memorandum and articles of association (with any amendments) and records of license fees paid to date and will also disclose any articles of dissolution, articles of merger and a register of charges if the company has elected to file such a register. A member of a company is entitled, on giving written notice to the company, to inspect: (a) the memorandum and articles; (b) the register of members; (c) the register of directors; and (d) the minutes of meetings and resolutions of members and of those classes of members of which he is a member; and to make copies of or take extracts from the documents and records referred to in (a) to (d) above.
  Subject to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the directors may, if they are satisfied that it would be contrary to the company’s interests to allow a member to inspect any document, or part of a document, specified in (b), (c) or (d) above, refuse to permit the member to inspect the document or limit the inspection of the document, including limiting the making of copies or the taking of extracts from the records.
  Where a company fails or refuses to permit a member to inspect a document or permits a member to inspect a document subject to limitations, that member may apply to the British Virgin Islands Court for an order that he should be permitted to inspect the document or to inspect the document without limitation.
  Dissolution; Winding Up. As permitted by the Companies Law and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we may be voluntarily liquidated under Part XII of the Companies Law by resolution of directors and resolution of shareholders if we have no liabilities or we are able to pay our debts as they fall due.
  We also may be wound up in circumstances where we are insolvent in accordance with the terms of the Insolvency Act.
  Memorandum and Articles of Association
  As set forth in our amended and restated memorandum of association, the objects for which we are established are unrestricted and we shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the Companies Law or as the same may be revised from time to time, or any other law of the British Virgin Islands.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections to our ordinary shareholders prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of 50% of our outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting on such amendment. Our initial shareholders, who will beneficially own 24.15% of our ordinary shares upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Prior to our initial business combination, if we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote on any proposed amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We and our directors and officers have agreed not to propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance and timing of our obligation to redeem our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of this offering. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to our initial business combination.
  92
    Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that:
  ● if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of this offering, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable any less interest earned thereon that is released to us), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and prior to commencing any voluntary liquidation; and
  ● except in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; and
  ● we must (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose pursuant to a proxy statement meeting the requirements of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer, the documents for which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act; and
  ● although we do not intend to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA that such our initial business combination is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view; and
  ● we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
  In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.
  Anti-Money Laundering — British Virgin Islands
  In order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures, and may require subscribers to provide evidence to verify their identity. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we also may delegate the maintenance of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition of due diligence information) to a suitable person.
  We reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for verification purposes, we may refuse to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally debited.
  If any person resident in the British Virgin Islands knows or suspects that another person is engaged in money laundering or terrorist financing and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of their business the person will be required to report his belief or suspicion to the Financial Investigation Agency of the British Virgin Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Criminal Conduct Act 1997 (as amended). Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.
  93
    SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE
  Immediately after this offering, we will have 6,625,000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, or 7,566,250 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. Of these shares, the 5,000,000 shares sold in this offering, or 5,750,000 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. All of those shares will not be transferable except in limited circumstances described elsewhere in this prospectus.
  Rule 144
  Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of:
  ● 1% of the number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding, which will equal 66,250 shares immediately after this offering (or 75,663 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full); and
  ● the average weekly trading volume of the ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
  Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
  Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
  Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company.
  The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met:
  ● the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
  ● the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
  ● the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and
  ● at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
  As a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule 144, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their insider shares freely without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination assuming they are not an affiliate of ours at that time.
  Registration Rights
  The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands and Scienjoy Inc. is entitled to make one demand that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares and Scienjoy Inc. can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units (and underlying securities) and securities issued in payment of working capital loans (or underlying securities) or loans to extend our life (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
  94
    TAXATION
  The following summary of the material British Virgin Islands and U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants to acquire our ordinary shares, sometimes referred to, individually or collectively, in this summary as our “securities,” is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this prospectus, all of which are subject to change. This summary does not deal with all possible tax consequences relating to an investment in our securities, such as the tax consequences under state, local and other tax laws.
  British Virgin Islands Taxation
  The Government of the British Virgin Islands will not, under existing legislation, impose any income, corporate or capital gains tax, estate duty, inheritance tax, gift tax or withholding tax upon our Company or our security holders who are not tax resident in the British Virgin Islands.
  Our company and all distributions, interest and other amounts paid by our company to persons who are not tax resident in the British Virgin Islands will not be subject to any income, withholding or capital gains taxes in the British Virgin Islands, with respect to the shares in our company owned by them and dividends received on such shares, nor will they be subject to any estate or inheritance taxes in the British Virgin Islands.
  No estate, inheritance, succession or gift tax, rate, duty, levy or other charge is payable by persons who are not tax resident in the British Virgin Islands with respect to any shares, debt obligations or other securities of our company.
  Except to the extent that we have any interest in real property in the British Virgin Islands, all instruments relating to transactions in respect of the shares, debt obligations or other securities of our company and all instruments relating to other transactions relating to the business of our company are exempt from the payment of stamp duty in the British Virgin Islands.
  There are currently no withholding taxes or exchange control regulations in the British Virgin Islands applicable to our company or our security holders.
  United States Federal Income Taxation
  General
  This section is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax provisions relating to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our securities issued pursuant to this offering. This section does not address any aspect of U.S. federal gift or estate tax, or the state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences of an investment in our securities, nor does it provide any actual representations as to any tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of our securities.
  Because the components of a unit are separable at the option of the holder within a short period of time after the date of this prospectus, the holder of a unit generally should be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as the owner of the underlying ordinary share, warrant and right components of the unit, as the case may be. As a result, the discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences with respect to actual holders of ordinary shares, warrants and rights should also apply to holders of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying ordinary shares, warrants and rights that comprise the units).
  The discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences to “U.S. Holders” will apply to a beneficial owner of our securities that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
  ● an individual citizen or resident of the United States;
  ● a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
  ● an estate whose income is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or
  ● a trust if (i) a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person.
  95
    If a beneficial owner of our securities is not described as a U.S. Holder and is not an entity treated as a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner will be considered a “Non-U.S. Holder.” The material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition ownership and disposition of our securities applicable specifically to Non-U.S. Holders are described below under the heading “Non-U.S. Holders.”
  This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect. These authorities are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.
  This discussion assumes that the ordinary shares, warrants and rights will trade separately and does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder based on such holder’s individual circumstances. In particular, this discussion considers only holders purchase units pursuant to this offering and own and hold our securities as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code, and does not address the potential application of the alternative minimum tax. In addition, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders that are subject to special rules, including:
  ● financial institutions or financial services entities;
  ● broker-dealers;
  ● taxpayers that are subject to the mark-to-market accounting rules under Section 475 of the Code;
  ● tax-exempt entities;
  ● governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof;
  ● insurance companies;
  ● regulated investment companies;
  ● real estate investment trusts;
  ● expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States;
  ● persons that actually or constructively own 5 percent or more of our voting shares;
  ● persons that acquired our securities pursuant to an exercise of employee share options, in connection with employee share incentive plans or otherwise as compensation;
  ● persons that hold our securities as part of a straddle, constructive sale, hedging, conversion or other integrated transaction;
  ● persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;
  ● controlled foreign corporations; or
  ● passive foreign investment companies.
  This discussion does not address any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as gift or estate tax laws, state, local or non-U.S. tax laws or, except as discussed herein, any tax reporting obligations of a holder of our securities. Additionally, this discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships or other pass-through entities or persons who hold our securities through such entities. If a partnership (or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our securities, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. This discussion also assumes that any distributions made (or deemed made) by us on our securities shares and any consideration received (or deemed received) by a holder in consideration for the sale or other disposition of our securities will be in U.S. dollars. In addition, this discussion assumes that a holder will own a sufficient number of rights (in multiples of 10) such that upon conversion of the rights, the holder will acquire only a whole number of ordinary shares and will not forfeit any fractional securities.
  96
    We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the IRS of an opinion of counsel as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the descriptions herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion.
  THIS DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES. IT DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY ACTUAL REPRESENTATIONS AS TO ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES AND WE HAVE NOT OBTAINED ANY OPINION OF COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO SUCH TAX CONSEQUENCES. AS A RESULT, EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN OUR SECURITIES IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTOR OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS, AS WELL AS U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS AND ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATIES.
  Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit 
  There is no authority addressing the treatment, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of securities with terms substantially the same as the units, and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. Each unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an investment unit consisting of one ordinary share, one warrant to acquire one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share and one right to acquire one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit generally must allocate the purchase price of a unit among the ordinary share, one warrant and right that comprise the unit based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. The price allocated to each ordinary share, one warrant and right generally will be the holder’s tax basis in such share, one warrant or right, as the case may be. 
  In addition, although we intend to treat the rights for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a manner similar to options to acquire our ordinary shares in the future, there is a risk that alternate characterizations of the rights could result in U.S. federal income tax consequences to the holders of the rights that differ from those described below.
  The foregoing treatment of our ordinary shares, warrants and rights and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the IRS or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each holder is advised to consult its own tax advisor regarding the risks associated with an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit or the components thereof) and regarding an allocation of the purchase price among the components of a unit. The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units (and the components thereof) and any allocations of the purchase price of a unit as described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
  U.S. Holders
  Tax Reporting
  Certain U.S. Holders may be required to file an IRS Form 926 (Return by a U.S. Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation) to report a transfer of property (including cash) to us. Substantial penalties may be imposed on a U.S. Holder that fails to comply with this reporting requirement. Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult with its own tax advisor regarding this reporting obligation.
  Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares
  Subject to the passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income as dividends the amount of any cash dividend paid on our ordinary shares. A cash distribution on such shares generally will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such dividends paid by us will be taxable to a corporate U.S. holder at regular rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. Distributions in excess of such earnings and profits generally will be applied against and reduce the U.S. Holder’s basis in its ordinary shares (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such ordinary shares. With respect to non-corporate U.S. Holders, dividends may be subject to the lower applicable long-term capital gains tax rate (see “— Taxation on the Disposition of Securities” below) if our ordinary shares are readily tradeable on an established securities market in the United States and certain other requirements are met. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability of the lower rate for any cash dividends paid with respect to our ordinary shares.
  97
    Possible Constructive Distributions
  The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events. An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. However, the U.S. Holders of the warrants would be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment increases the warrant holders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of ordinary shares that would be obtained upon exercise) as a result of a distribution of cash to the holders of our ordinary shares which is taxable to the U.S. Holders of such ordinary shares as described under “— Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares” above. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax as described under that section in the same manner as if the U.S. Holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest.
  Taxation on the Disposition of Securities
  Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our securities (which, in general, would include a redemption of ordinary shares, as discussed below, and including as a result of a liquidation and subsequent dissolution in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time), and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the securities.
  The regular U.S. federal income tax rate on capital gains recognized by U.S. Holders generally is the same as the regular U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary income, except that under tax law currently in effect long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax at reduced rates. Capital gain or loss will constitute long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the securities exceeds one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to various limitations. U.S. Holders who recognize losses with respect to a disposition of our securities should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax treatment of such losses.
  Redemption of Ordinary Shares
  Subject to the PFIC rules described below, if a U.S. Holder converts ordinary shares into the right to receive cash pursuant to the exercise of a shareholder conversion right or sells its ordinary shares to us pursuant to a tender offer, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such conversion or sale generally will be treated as a redemption and will be subject to the following rules. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of the ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code, the tax treatment of such redemption will be as described under “— Taxation on the Disposition of Securities” above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code, a U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving a distribution with the tax consequences described below. Whether redemption of our shares qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of our ordinary shares treated as held by such U.S. Holder. The redemption of ordinary shares generally will be treated as a sale or exchange of the ordinary shares (rather than as a distribution) if the receipt of cash upon the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to a U.S. Holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of such holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to such holder. These tests are explained more fully below.
  In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. Holder must take into account not only our ordinary shares actually owned by such holder, but also our ordinary shares that are constructively owned by such holder. A U.S. Holder may constructively own, in addition to our ordinary shares owned directly, ordinary shares owned by related individuals and entities in which such holder has an interest or that have an interest in such holder, as well as any ordinary shares such holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include ordinary shares which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of warrants. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our issued and outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by a U.S. Holder immediately following the redemption of our ordinary shares must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our issued and outstanding voting and ordinary shares actually and constructively owned by such holder immediately before the redemption. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. Holder’s interest if either (i) all of our ordinary shares actually and constructively owned by such U.S. Holder are redeemed or (ii) all of our ordinary shares actually owned by such U.S. Holder are redeemed and such holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives, in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of shares owned by family members and such holder does not constructively own any other shares. The redemption of the ordinary shares will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if such redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority shareholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of any such redemption.
  98
    If none of the foregoing tests are satisfied, then the redemption may be treated as a distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “— Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis a U.S. Holder has in the redeemed ordinary shares will be added to the adjusted tax basis in such holder’s remaining ordinary shares. If there are no remaining ordinary shares, a U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors as to the allocation of any remaining basis.
  Certain U.S. Holders may be subject to special reporting requirements with respect to a redemption of ordinary shares, and such holders should consult with their own tax advisors with respect to their reporting requirements.
  Exercise or Lapse of a Warrant
  Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will not recognize gain or loss upon the acquisition of an ordinary share from the exercise of two warrants for cash. An ordinary share acquired pursuant to the exercise of two warrants for cash generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrant, increased by the amount paid to exercise the warrant. The holding period of such ordinary share generally would begin on the day after the date of exercise of the warrant and will not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the warrant. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the warrant.
  The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the exercise is not a realization event (i.e., not a transaction in which gain or loss is realized) or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either tax-free situation, a U.S. Holder’s basis in the ordinary shares received would equal the holder’s basis in the warrants. If the cashless exercise were treated as not being a realization event, a U.S. Holder’s holding period in the ordinary shares should be treated as commencing on the date following the date of exercise of the warrants. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the ordinary shares received would include the holding period of the warrants. It is also possible that a cashless exercise could be treated as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a U.S. Holder could be deemed to have surrendered a number of warrants with a fair market value equal to the exercise price for the number of warrants deemed exercised. For this purpose, the number of warrants deemed exercised would be equal to the amount needed to receive on exercise the number of ordinary shares issued pursuant to the cashless exercise. In this situation, the U.S. Holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the warrants deemed surrendered to pay the exercise price and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed surrendered. Such gain or loss would be long-term or short-term depending on the U.S. Holder’s holding period in the warrants. In this case, a U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the ordinary shares received would equal the sum of the fair market value of the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed exercised. A U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares should commence on the date following the date of exercise of the warrants. There may also be alternative characterizations of any such taxable exchange that would result in similar tax consequences, except that a U.S. Holder’s gain or loss would be short-term. Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise of the warrants.
  Conversion or Lapse of Rights
  Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally should not recognize gain or loss upon the acquisition of ordinary shares on the conversion of the rights, such ordinary shares should have a tax basis equal to such holder’s tax basis in the rights, and the holding period of such shares should begin on the day after such conversion. In addition, a U.S. Holder generally should recognize a capital loss on the lapse of the rights equal to such holder’s tax basis in the rights.
  Unearned Income Medicare Tax
  Under current tax law, U.S. Holders that are individual, estates or trusts and whose income exceeds certain thresholds generally will be subject to a 3.8% Medicare contribution tax on unearned income, including, among other things, dividends on, and gains from the sale or other disposition of, our securities, subject to certain limitations and exceptions. Under current regulations, in the absence of a special election, such unearned income generally would not include income inclusions under the qualified election fund (“QEF”) rules discussed below under “Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules,” but would include distributions of earnings and profits from a QEF. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of such tax on their ownership and disposition or our securities.
  99
    Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules
  A foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes if at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year of such foreign corporation, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, is passive income. Alternatively, a foreign corporation will be a PFIC if at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year of the foreign corporation, ordinarily determined based on fair market value and averaged quarterly over the year, including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than certain rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of passive assets.
  Because we are a blank check company, with no current active business, we believe that it is likely that we will meet the PFIC asset or income test for our current taxable year. However, pursuant to a start-up exception, a corporation will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has gross income, if (1) no predecessor of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the IRS that it will not be a PFIC for either of the first two taxable years following the start-up year; and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years. The applicability of the start-up exception to us is uncertain. After the acquisition of a company or assets in a business combination, we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending on the timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as the passive income and assets of the acquired business. If the company that we acquire in a business combination is a PFIC, then we will likely not qualify for the start-up exception and will be a PFIC for our current taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any future taxable year.
  If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our securities and, in the case of our ordinary shares, the U.S. Holder did not make a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) such ordinary shares, a QEF election along with a deemed sale (or purging) election, or a “mark-to-market” election, each as described below, such holder generally will be subject to special rules for regular U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to:
  ● any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of our securities; and
  ● any “excess distribution” made to the U.S. Holder (generally, any distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of our securities during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such U.S. Holder’s holding period for our securities).
  Under these rules,
  ● the U.S. Holder’s gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for our securities;
  ● the amount allocated to the U.S. Holder’s taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the U.S. Holder’s holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income;
  ● the amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and
  ● the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed in respect of the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder.
  In general, if we are determined to be a PFIC, a U.S. Holder may avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our ordinary shares by making a timely QEF election (or a QEF election along with a purging election). Pursuant to the QEF election, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a current basis, in each case whether or not distributed, in the taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends if we are treated as a PFIC for that taxable year. A U.S. Holder may make a separate election to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any such taxes will be subject to an interest charge.
  100
    A U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with respect to its warrants or rights to acquire our ordinary shares. As a result, if a U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants or rights (other than upon exercise of such warrants or conversion of such rights), any gain recognized generally will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above, if we were a PFIC at any time during the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants or rights. If a U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants or converts such rights properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired ordinary shares (or has previously made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares), the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired ordinary shares, but the adverse tax consequences relating to PFIC shares, adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions resulting from the QEF election, will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired ordinary shares (which generally will be deemed to have a holding period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants or rights), unless the U.S. Holder makes a purging election under the PFIC rules. The purging election creates a deemed sale of such shares at their fair market value. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will increase the adjusted tax basis in its ordinary shares acquired upon the exercise of the warrants or the conversion of the rights by the gain recognized and will also have a new holding period in such ordinary shares for purposes of the PFIC rules.
  The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and, once made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Information Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund), including the information provided in a PFIC annual information statement, to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances.
  In order to comply with the requirements of a QEF election, a U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC annual information statement from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder upon request such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided.
  If a U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares, and the special tax and interest charge rules do not apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint pursuant to a purging election, as described above), any gain recognized on the sale of our ordinary shares generally will be taxable as capital gain and no interest charge will be imposed. As discussed above, for regular U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders of a QEF generally are currently taxed on their pro rata shares of its earnings and profits, whether or not distributed. In such case, a subsequent distribution of such earnings and profits that were previously included in income generally should not be taxable as a dividend to such U.S. Holders. The adjusted tax basis of a U.S. Holder’s shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income, and decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends, under the above rules. Similar basis adjustments apply to property if by reason of holding such property the U.S. Holder is treated under the applicable attribution rules as owning shares in a QEF.
  Although a determination as to our PFIC status will be made annually, an initial determination we are a PFIC will generally apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder who held our securities while we were a PFIC, whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. A U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, however, will not be subject to the PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed above in respect to such shares. In addition, such U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to such shares for any of our taxable years that end within or with a taxable year of the U.S. Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On the other hand, if the QEF election is not effective for each of our taxable years in which we are a PFIC and the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, the PFIC rules discussed above will continue to apply to such shares unless the holder files on a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return (including extensions) a QEF election and a purging election to recognize under the rules of Section 1291 of the Code any gain that the U.S. Holder would otherwise recognize if the U.S. Holder had sold our shares for their fair market value on the “qualification date.” The qualification date is the first day of our tax year in which we qualify as a QEF with respect to such U.S. Holder. The purging election can only be made if such U.S. Holder held our shares on the qualification date. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will increase the adjusted tax basis in our shares by the amount of the gain recognized and will also have a new holding period in the shares for purposes of the PFIC rules.
  101
    Alternatively, if a U.S. Holder, at the close of its taxable year, owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable shares, the U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares and for which we are determined to be a PFIC, such holder generally will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its ordinary shares as long as such shares continue to be treated as marketable shares. Instead, in general, the U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income for each year that we are treated as a PFIC the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year over the adjusted basis in its ordinary shares. The U.S. Holder also will be allowed to take an ordinary loss in respect of the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of its ordinary shares over the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its ordinary shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of the ordinary shares in a taxable year in which we are treated as a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income. Special tax rules may also apply if a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election for a taxable year after the first taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) its ordinary shares and for which we are treated as a PFIC. Currently, a mark-to-market election may not be made with respect to our warrants or rights.
  The mark-to-market election is available only for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Nasdaq Capital Market, or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in respect to our ordinary shares under their particular circumstances.
  If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders of our shares generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC, and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. Upon request, we will endeavor to cause any lower-tier PFIC to provide to a U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information. A mark-to-market election generally would not be available with respect to such lower-tier PFIC. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs.
  A U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621 (whether or not a QEF or mark-to-market election is or has been made) with such U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax return and provide such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department.
  The rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF and mark-to-market elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly, U.S. Holders of our securities should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules to our securities under their particular circumstances.
  Non-U.S. Holders
  Dividends (including constructive dividends) paid or deemed paid to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect to our securities generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, unless the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains or maintained in the United States).
  In addition, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain attributable to a sale or other disposition of our securities unless such gain is effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains or maintained in the United States) or the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of sale or other disposition and certain other conditions are met (in which case, such gain from United States sources generally is subject to tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate).
  Dividends and gains that are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains or maintained in the United States) generally will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax at the same regular U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to a comparable U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate.
  102
    Backup Withholding and Information Reporting
  In general, information reporting for U.S. federal income tax purposes should apply to distributions made on our ordinary shares within the United States to a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient) and to the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our securities by a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient) to or through a U.S. office of a broker. Payments made (and sales and other dispositions effected at an office) outside the United States will be subject to information reporting in limited circumstances. In addition, certain information concerning a U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its securities and whether any gain or loss with respect to such securities in long-term or short-term may be required to be reported to the IRS, and certain holders may be required to file an IRS Form 8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets) to report their interest in our securities.
  Moreover, backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax, currently at a rate of 24%, generally will apply to dividends paid on our securities to a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient) and the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our securities by a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient), in each case who:
    ● fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number;
    ● is notified by the IRS that backup withholding is required; or
    ● fails to comply with applicable certification requirements.
  A Non-U.S. Holder generally may eliminate the requirement for information reporting and backup withholding by providing certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 or by otherwise establishing an exemption.
  We will withhold all taxes required to be withheld by law from any amounts otherwise payable to any holder of our securities, including tax withholding required by the backup withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. Holder’s or a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the requisite information is timely furnished to the IRS. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of backup withholding and the availability of and procedure for obtaining an exemption from backup withholding in their particular circumstances.
  103
    UNDERWRITING
  We intend to offer our securities described in this prospectus through the underwriters named below. Maxim Group LLC (“Maxim” or the “Representative”) is acting as the sole book-running manager of the offering and as the representative of the underwriters named below. We will enter into an underwriting agreement with the Representative. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters, through the Representative, have each severally agreed to purchase from us, on a firm commitment basis, the number of units listed next to its name in the following table at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions set forth on the cover page of this prospectus:
  Underwriters   Number of
Units  
Maxim Group LLC     5,000,000  
          Total     5,000,000  
  A copy of the form of underwriting agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
  Listing of our Securities
  We expect our units, ordinary shares, warrants and rights to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “GBRGU,” “GBRG,” “GBRGW” and “GBRGR,” respectively. We anticipate that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. Following the date our ordinary shares, warrants and rights are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the ordinary shares, warrants and rights will be listed separately and as a unit on Nasdaq. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq or that they will continue to be listed on Nasdaq after this offering.
  Pricing of this Offering
  We have been advised by the Representative that the underwriters propose to offer the units to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. They may allow some dealers concessions not in excess of $0.[____] per unit and the dealers may also allow a concession not in excess of $0.[____] per unit to other dealers.
  Prior to this offering there has been no public market for our securities. The public offering price of the units was negotiated between us and the representative of the underwriters. Factors considered in determining the prices and terms of the units include:
    ● the history of other similarly structured blank check companies;
    ● prior offerings of those companies;
    ● our prospects for consummating our initial business combination with an operating business at attractive values;
    ● our capital structure;
    ● securities exchange listing requirements;
    ● market demand;
    ● expected liquidity of our securities; and
    ● general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the offering.
  However, although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry since the underwriters are unable to compare our financial results and prospects with those of public companies operating in the same industry.
  104
    Over-allotment Option
  We have granted the underwriters an option to purchase up to 750,000 additional units at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments, if any, made in connection with this offering. The underwriters have 45 days from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part in which to exercise this option. If the underwriters exercise this option, they will each purchase additional units approximately in proportion to the amounts specified in the table above.
  Commissions and Discounts
  The following table shows the public offering price, underwriting discount to be paid by us to the underwriters and the proceeds, before expenses, to us. This information assumes either no exercise or full exercise by the representative of the underwriters of its over-allotment option.
      Per Unit     Without
Over-
allotment     With
Over-
allotment  
Public offering price   $ 10.00     $ 50,000,000     $ 57,500,000  
Discount(1)   $ 0.60     $ 3,000,000     $ 3,450,000  
Proceeds before expenses(2)(3)   $ 9.40     $ 47,000,000     $ 54,050,500  
  (1) Such amount includes up to $1,750,000, or $0.35 per unit, (or $2,012,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) payable to Maxim for deferred underwriting discounts and commissions upon completion of a business combination. The deferred underwriting commissions can be paid in cash, stock or a combination of both at Maxim’s discretion.
  (2) The offering expenses are estimated at approximately $500,000.
    (3) The deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and the unit purchase option shall solely be issued and paid to Maxim for its own account.
  In addition to the underwriting discount, we paid Maxim $25,000, upon the execution of the engagement letter, as an advance against out-of-pocket accountable expenses actually anticipated to be incurred by the underwriters. An additional $25,000 (collectively, with the initial $25,000 payment, the “Advance”) will be paid to Maxim concurrently with the filing of this Registration Statement. We have agreed to pay to the underwriters for the FINRA-related fees, “road show” expenses, expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel and certain diligence and other fees, and reimbursement for background checks on our directors, director nominees and executive officers, which such fees and expenses are capped at an aggregate of $125,000.
  No discounts or commissions will be paid on the sale of the private units.
   Representative’s Ordinary Shares
  We have agreed to issue to Maxim Partners LLC, parent of Maxim Group LLC, and/or its designees, 25,000 ordinary shares (or 28,750 shares if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full) upon the consummation of this offering. Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, Maxim has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus).
  105
    The shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of this offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA’s Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated nor may they be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of this offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners, associated persons or affiliates.
  Unit Purchase Option
  We have agreed to sell to Maxim (and/or its designees), for $100, an option to purchase up to a total of 250,000 units (or 287,500 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) exercisable, in whole or in part, at $11.50 per unit, between the first and fifth anniversary dates of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and expires five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The option and the 250,000 units (or 287,500 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), as well as the 275,000 ordinary shares (which includes the 25,000 ordinary shares issuable for the rights included in the units) (or 316,250 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, which includes the 28,750 ordinary shares issuable for the rights included in the units), and the warrants to purchase 125,000 ordinary shares (or 143,750 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that may be issued upon exercise of the option, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales in this offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA’s Rules, during which time the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative or put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities. Additionally, the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date of this prospectus except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to holders one demand and unlimited “piggy-back” rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the commencement of sales of this offering with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. We will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. We will have no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of the purchase option or the warrants underlying the purchase option. The holder of the purchase option will not be entitled to exercise the purchase option or the warrants underlying the purchase option unless a registration statement covering the securities underlying the purchase option is effective or an exemption from registration is available. If the holder is unable to exercise the purchase option or underlying warrants, the purchase option or warrants, as applicable, will expire worthless.
  106
    Right of First Refusal
  Subject to certain conditions, we granted Maxim, for a period of 18 months after the date of the consummation of our business combination, a right of first refusal to act as lead underwriters or minimally as a co-manager, with at least 75% of the economics; or, in the case of a three-handed deal, 50% of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity and debt offerings. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the commencement of sales of the offering.
   Regulatory Restrictions on Purchase of Securities
  Rules of the SEC may limit the ability of the underwriters to bid for or purchase our units before the distribution of the units is completed. However, the underwriters may engage in the following activities in accordance with the rules:
    ● Stabilizing Transactions. The underwriters may make bids or purchases solely for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the price of our units, as long as stabilizing bids do not exceed the offering price of $10.00 and the underwriters comply with all other applicable rules.
    ● Over-Allotments and Syndicate Coverage Transactions. The underwriters may create a short position in our units by selling more of our units than are set forth on the cover page of this prospectus up to the amount of the over-allotment option. This is known as a covered short position. The underwriters may also create a short position in our units by selling more of our units than are set forth on the cover page of this prospectus and the units allowed by the over-allotment option. This is known as a naked short position. If the underwriters create a short position during the offering, the representative may engage in syndicate covering transactions by purchasing our units in the open market. The representative may also elect to reduce any short position by exercising all or part of the over-allotment option. Determining what method to use in reducing the short position depends on how the units trade in the aftermarket following the offering. If the unit price drops following the offering, the short position is usually covered with shares purchased by the underwriters in the aftermarket. However, the underwriters may cover a short position by exercising the over-allotment option even if the unit price drops following the offering. If the unit price rises after the offering, then the over-allotment option is used to cover the short position. If the short position is more than the over-allotment option, the naked short must be covered by purchases in the aftermarket, which could be at prices above the offering price.
    ● Penalty Bids. The representative may reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the units originally sold by the syndicate member are purchased in a stabilizing or syndicate covering transaction to cover syndicate short positions.
  Stabilization and syndicate covering transactions may cause the price of our securities to be higher than they would be in the absence of these transactions. The imposition of a penalty bid might also have an effect on the prices of our securities if it discourages resales of our securities.
  Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our securities. These transactions may occur on Nasdaq, in the over-the-counter market or on any trading market. If any of these transactions are commenced, they may be discontinued without notice at any time.
  107
    Other Terms
  Except as set forth above, we are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, any of the underwriters may, among other things, introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital, as needs may arise in the future. If any underwriter provides services to us after this offering, we may pay the underwriters fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to the underwriters prior to the date which is 60 days after the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriter’s compensation in connection with this offering.
  Indemnification
  We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against some liabilities, including civil liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make in this respect.
  Selling Restrictions
  Canada
  Resale Restrictions
  We intend to distribute our securities in the Province of Ontario, Canada (the “Canadian Offering Jurisdiction”) by way of a private placement and exempt from the requirement that we prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in such Canadian Offering Jurisdiction. Any resale of our securities in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws that will vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Canadian resale restrictions in some circumstances may apply to resales of interests made outside of Canada. Canadian purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of our securities. We may never be a “reporting issuer”, as such term is defined under applicable Canadian securities legislation, in any province or territory of Canada in which our securities will be offered and there currently is no public market for any of the securities in Canada, and one may never develop. Canadian investors are advised that we have no intention to file a prospectus or similar document with any securities regulatory authority in Canada qualifying the resale of the securities to the public in any province or territory in Canada.
  Representations of Purchasers
  A Canadian purchaser will be required to represent to us and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that:
    ● the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase our securities without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws;
    ● where required by law, that the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent;
    ● the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions; and
    ● the purchaser acknowledges and consents to the provision of specified information concerning its purchase of our securities to the regulatory authority that by law is entitled to collect the information.
  Rights of Action — Ontario Purchasers Only
  Under Ontario securities legislation, certain purchasers who purchase a security offered by this prospectus during the period of distribution will have a statutory right of action for damages, or while still the owner of our securities, for rescission against us in the event that this prospectus contains a misrepresentation without regard to whether the purchaser relied on the misrepresentation. The right of action for damages is exercisable not later than the earlier of 180 days from the date the purchaser first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action and three years from the date on which payment is made for our securities. The right of action for rescission is exercisable not later than 180 days from the date on which payment is made for our securities. If a purchaser elects to exercise the right of action for rescission, the purchaser will have no right of action for damages against us. In no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which our securities were offered to the purchaser and if the purchaser is shown to have purchased the securities with knowledge of the misrepresentation, we will have no liability. In the case of an action for damages, we will not be liable for all or any portion of the damages that are proven to not represent the depreciation in value of our securities as a result of the misrepresentation relied upon. These rights are in addition to, and without derogation from, any other rights or remedies available at law to an Ontario purchaser. The foregoing is a summary of the rights available to an Ontario purchaser. Ontario purchasers should refer to the complete text of the relevant statutory provisions.
  108
    Enforcement of Legal Rights
  All of our directors and officers as well as the experts named herein are located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon us or those persons. All of our assets and the assets of those persons are located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada.
  Collection of Personal Information
  If a Canadian purchaser is resident in or otherwise subject to the securities laws of the Province of Ontario, the Purchaser authorizes the indirect collection of personal information pertaining to the Canadian purchaser by the Ontario Securities Commission (the “OSC”) and each Canadian purchaser will be required to acknowledge and agree that the Canadian purchaser has been notified by us (i) of the delivery to the OSC of personal information pertaining to the Canadian purchaser, including, without limitation, the full name, residential address and telephone number of the Canadian purchaser, the number and type of securities purchased and the total purchase price paid in respect of the securities, (ii) that this information is being collected indirectly by the OSC under the authority granted to it in securities legislation, (iii) that this information is being collected for the purposes of the administration and enforcement of the securities legislation of Ontario, and (iv) that the title, business address and business telephone number of the public official in Ontario who can answer questions about the OSC’s indirect collection of the information is the Administrative Assistant to the Director of Corporate Finance, the Ontario Securities Commission, Suite 1903, Box 5520, Queen Street West, Toronto, Ontario, M5H 3S8, Telephone: (416) 593-8086, Facsimile: (416) 593-8252.
  British Virgin Islands
  No offer or invitation to subscribe for shares may be made to the public in the British Virgin Islands.
  Switzerland
  The Units may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, or SIX, or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This prospectus has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Units or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
  Neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the company or the securities have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this prospectus will not be filed with, and the offer of securities will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, or FINMA, and the offer of securities has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes, or CISA. The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of Units.
  Italy
  This prospectus has not been submitted to the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa, the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (“CONSOB”), for clearance and will not be subject to formal review or clearance by CONSOB.
  Accordingly, the Units may not be offered, and copies of this prospectus or any other document relating to the shares may not be distributed in Italy except:
  (a) to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b), of CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999, as amended, concerning issuers (“Regulation No. 11971”), but excluding (i) small and medium enterprises and natural persons indicated in Regulation No. 11971 that have not been included in the register of qualified investors, (ii) management companies and financial intermediaries authorized to manage individual portfolios on behalf of third parties and (iii) fiduciary companies managing portfolio investments regulated by Article 60, paragraph 4 of Legislative Decree No. 415 of July 23, 1996; or
  109
    (b) in other circumstances that are exempt from the rules on public offers pursuant to Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998, as amended (the “Italian Financial Act”), and its implementing CONSOB regulations, including Regulation No. 11971.
  Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Units offered hereby or distribution of copies of this Prospectus, or any other document relating to the offering in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restrictions under
    (i) made by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms (imprese di investimento), banks or financial intermediaries, as defined by Article 1, first paragraph, letter r), of the Italian Financial Act), to the extent duly authorized to engage in the offering and/or underwriting and/or purchase of financial instruments in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Financial Act, CONSOB Regulation 16190 of October 29, 2007, as amended, Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, as amended (the “Italian Banking Act”) and any other applicable laws and regulations; and
    (ii) in compliance with any other applicable requirements or limitations which may be imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian regulatory authority.
  Any investor purchasing the Units offered hereby is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of the shares it purchased occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
  In accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Act, the subsequent resale on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy of the Units offered hereby (which were part of an offer made pursuant to an exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus) constitutes a distinct and autonomous offer that must be made in compliance with the public offer and prospectus requirement rules provided under the Italian Financial Act and the Regulation No. 11971 unless an exemption applies. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the subsequent resale of such shares being declared null and void and the intermediary transferring the shares may be liable for any damage suffered by the investors.
  LEGAL MATTERS
  Loeb & Loeb LLP, is acting as United States counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act and will pass on the validity of the warrants and rights offered in the prospectus. Legal matters as to British Virgin Islands’ law, as well as the validity of the issuance of the ordinary shares offered in this prospectus, will be passed upon for us by Forbes Hare. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP is acting as counsel for the underwriters in this offering.
  EXPERTS
  The financial statements of Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited for the period from August 12, 2019 (inception) through June 30, 2020 appearing in this prospectus have been audited by Friedman LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report, thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such report given on the authority of such firm as an experts in auditing and accounting.
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
  We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1, which includes exhibits, schedules and amendments, under the Securities Act, with respect to this offering of our securities. Although this prospectus, which forms a part of the registration statement, contains all material information included in the registration statement, parts of the registration statement have been omitted as permitted by rules and regulations of the SEC. We refer you to the registration statement and its exhibits for further information about us, our securities and this offering. The registration statement and its exhibits, as well as our other reports filed with the SEC, can be inspected and copied at the SEC’s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information about the operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov which contains the Form S-1 and other reports, proxy and information statements and information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
  110
      GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   Audited Financial Statements
  For The Period from August 12, 2019 (Inception) through June 30, 2020
      Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Balance Sheet    F-3
Statement of Operations    F-4
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit   F-5
Statement of Cash Flows   F-6
Notes to Financial Statements   F-7
  Unaudited Condensed Interim Financial Statements
  For The Three Months Ended September 30, 2020
      Page
Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets   F-16
Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations    F-17
Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit   F-18
Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   F-19
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Interim Financial Statements   F-20
  F-1
      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
  To the Board of Director and Shareholder of
Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited
  Opinion on the Financial Statements
  We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited (the “Company”) as of June 30, 2020, and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the period from August 12, 2019 (date of inception) through June 30, 2020 and related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited. as of June 30, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from August 12, 2019 (date of inception) through June 30, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
  Explanatory Paragraph — Going Concern
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company’s business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing and its cash and working capital as of June 30, 2020 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  Basis for Opinion
  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
  Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
  /s/ Friedman LLP
  We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020.
  New York, New York
September 4, 2020
      F-2
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
BALANCE SHEET
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
      June 30,
2020  
ASSETS      
Current asset - cash   $ 76,317  
          TOTAL ASSETS   $ 76,317  
          LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ DEFICIT        
Current liabilities:        
Accrued expenses   $ 6,410  
Promissory Note - related party     79,532  
          Total Current Liabilities     85,942  
          TOTAL LIABILITIES     85,942  
          Commitments and contingencies        
          Shareholders’ Deficit:        
Ordinary shares, no par value; unlimited shares authorized 1,437,500 shares issued and outstanding (1)     25,000  
Accumulated deficit     (34,625 )
          Total Shareholders’ Deficit     (9,625 )
          TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ DEFICIT   $ 76,317  
  (1) Includes up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. Shares and per share data are presented on a retroactive basis to reflect the recapitalization on September 1, 2020.
  See accompanying notes to financial statements.
  F-3
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
      Period from
August 12,
2019
(inception) through
June 30,
2020  
        Formation and operating costs   $ (34,625 )
          NET LOSS   $ (34,625 )
          Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding (1)     1,250,000  
          Basic and diluted net loss per share   $ (0.03 )
  (1) Excludes up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. Shares and per share data are presented on a retroactive basis to reflect the recapitalization on September 1, 2020.
  See accompanying notes to financial statements.
   F-4
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
      Ordinary shares     Accumulated     Total Shareholders’  
    No. of shares     Amount     deficit     Deficit  
                          Balance as of August 12, 2019 (inception)     -     $ -     $ -     $ -  
                                  Issuance of ordinary shares to the founder (1)     1,437,500       25,000       -       25,000  
                                  Net loss for the period     -       -       (34,625 )     (34,625 )
                                  Balance as of June 30, 2020     1,437,500     $ 25,000     $ (34,625 )   $ (9,625 )
  (1) Includes up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. Shares and per share data are presented on a retroactive basis to reflect the recapitalization on September 1, 2020.
  See accompanying notes to financial statements.
  F-5
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”))
      Period from
August 12,
2019
(inception)
through
June 30,
2020  
Cash flows from operating activities:      
Net loss   $ (34,625 )
Change in operating assets and liabilities:        
Accrued expenses     6,410  
Net cash used in operating activities     (28,215 )
Cash flows from financing activities:        
Proceed from issuance of ordinary shares     25,000  
Proceed from a related party     79,532  
Net cash provided by financing activities     104,352  
          NET CHANGE IN CASH     76,317  
          CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD     -  
          CASH, END OF PERIOD   $ 76,317  
  See accompanying notes to financial statements.
  F-6
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
  NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND
  Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited (the “Company” or “we”, “us” and “our”) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated on August 12, 2019, under the laws of the British Virgin Islands for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (Business Combination”). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on opportunities in the artificial intelligence and any other related technology innovations market in North America.
  As of June 30, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through June 30, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed public offering as described below. The Company has selected June 30 as its fiscal year end.
  The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed public offering of 5,000,000 units (“Units”) (or 5,750,000 Units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at $0.01 per Unit, which is discussed in Note 3 (the “Proposed Public Offering”), and the sale of 350,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement to Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited (the “Sponsor”) to the Sponsor (the “Insider Units”). The Company intends to list the Units on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“NASDAQ”). The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and interest released to pay taxes payable) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that at least $10.00 per Unit, or $50,000,000 in the aggregate (or $57,500,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the Private Units will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company’s shareholders, as described below.
  The Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. The ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.”
  F-7
    The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
  The Company’s initial shareholders (the “initial shareholders”) have agreed (a) to vote their founder shares, the ordinary shares included in the Private Units (the “Private Shares”) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would stop the public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period unless the Company provides dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with any such vote; (c) not to convert any founder shares and Private Units (including underlying securities) (as well as any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to shareholders’ rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the founder shares and Private Units (including underlying securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the initial shareholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination.
  The Company will have until 12 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months, the Company may, but is not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination three times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a Business Combination) (the “Combination Period”). In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the initial shareholders or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the Trust Account $500,000 or, $575,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case), on or prior to the applicable deadline.
  If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable), which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company’s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than $10.00.
  F-8
    The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
  Going concern consideration
  At June 30, 2020, the Company had cash of $76,137 and a working capital deficit of $9,625. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The management’s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the Proposed Public Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a business combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of $500,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the Proposed Public Offering. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  NOTE 2 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  ● Basis of presentation
  These accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
  ● Emerging growth company
  The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
  Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
  F-9
    ● Use of estimates
  In preparing these financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported expenses during the reporting period.
  Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, Actual results may differ from these estimates.
  ● Cash
  The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of June 30, 2020.
  ● Income taxes
  Income taxes are determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
  ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. The Company’s management determined that the British Virgin Islands is the Company’s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of June 30, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
  The Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with foreign tax laws.
  The Company’s tax provision is zero for the period from August 12, 2019 (inception) through June 30, 2020.
  The Company is considered to be an exempted British Virgin Islands Company, and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the British Virgin Islands or the United States.
  ● Net loss per share
  Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 6). At June 30, 2020, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented.
  F-10
    ● Related parties
  Parties, which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Companies are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence.
  ● Concentration of credit risk
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.
  ● Fair value of financial instrument
  The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature.
  ● Recent accounting pronouncements
  Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.
  NOTE 3 – PROPOSED PUBLIC OFFERING
  The Proposed Public Offering calls for the Company to offer for sale up to 5,000,000 ordinary Units at a proposed offering price of $10.00 per Unit (plus up to an additional 750,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any). Each Unit will consist of one ordinary share, one right (“Public Right”) and one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share. Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share.
  NOTE 4 – PRIVATE PLACEMENT
  The Sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 350,000 private units at $10.00 per Private Unit for a total purchase price of $3,500,000 in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. Each Private Unit consists of one Private Share, one redeemable warrant (each, a “Private Warrant”) and one right (each, a “Private Right”). Each Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. However, the Private Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, meaning that the Private Warrants must be exercised in multiples of two. Each Private Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share at the closing of a Business Combination. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be added to the net proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Warrants and Private Rights will expire worthless.
  NOTE 5 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  Founder Shares
  In August 2019, 10,000 shares were sold. In September 2020, the Company issued another 1,427,500 ordinary shares resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares (the “Founder Shares”) outstanding to our initial shareholders, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. All share and per share information have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the share split. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering (assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Public Offering and excluding the Private Units and underlying securities).
  F-11
    The initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until (1) with respect to 50% of the founder shares, the earlier of six months after the completion of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the founder shares, six months after the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
  Promissory Note – Related Party
  Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, which is owned by the Company’s director Jining Li, has agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of $500,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the Proposed Public Offering (the “Promissory Note”). As of June 30, 2020, $79,532 was outstanding under the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and due on the closing of the Proposed Offering.
  Administrative Services Agreement
  The Company is obligated, commencing from June 1, 2020, to pay Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the Sponsor, a monthly fee of $10,000 for general and administrative services. This agreement will terminate upon completion of the Company’s business combination or the liquidation of the trust account to public shareholders.
  Director’s Remuneration
  The Company is obligated, commencing from June 1, 2020, to pay Yongsheng Liu, which is our CEO, a monthly fee of HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,410 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.8 to US$1.0 on June 30, 2020) for his service to the Company.
  NOTE 6 – SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
  Ordinary shares
  The Company is authorized to issue unlimited ordinary shares with no par value. Holders of the Company’s ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At June 30, 2020, there were 1,437,500 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which 187,500 ordinary shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full, so that the initial shareholders will own 20% of the issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering (excluding the sale of the Private Units and assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Units in the Proposed Public Offering).
  Warrants
  The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of this Proposed Public Offering. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of the business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
  F-12
    The Company may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
    ● at any time while the Public Warrants are exercisable,
    ● upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder,
    ● if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.50 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and
    ● if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
  The Private Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
  If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.
  Rights 
  Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of a Public Right converted all ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection with a Business Combination or an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association with respect to its pre-business combination activities. In the event that the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each Public Right upon consummation of a Business Combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of Public Rights in order to receive his, her or its additional ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Public Rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis.
  F-13
    The Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of Public Rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the British Virgin Islands law. As a result, the holders of the Public Rights must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of the holders’ rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Rights, and the Public Rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the Public Rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless.
  NOTE 7 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
  Risks and Uncertainties
  Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s future financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, there has been a significant impact as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the future outcome of this uncertainty.
  Registration Rights
  The holders of the founder shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the Private Units (and all underlying securities) and any securities our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this Proposed Public Offering. The holders of the majority of the founder shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units (and underlying securities) and securities issued in payment of Working Capital Loans (or underlying securities) or loans to extend our life can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
  Underwriter Agreement
  The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 750,000 Units (over and above 5,000,000 units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments at the Proposed Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
  The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 2.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $1,250,000 (or up to $1,437,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full). In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $1,750,000 (or up to $2,012,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full) until the closing of the Business Combination. The deferred fee can be paid in cash, stock or a combination of both (at the underwriter’s discretion). Any stock issued as a part of the deferred fee will be issued to the underwriters at the value per share in the Company’s Trust Account, subject to any additional increases in the amount in trust per the Company’s trust extensions. Stock to be issued to the underwriters will have unlimited piggyback registration rights and the same rights afforded other holders of the Company’s common stock. In addition, the Company shall pay the underwriters, at closing of the Proposed Public Offering, 0.5% of the gross proceeds in the Company’s ordinary shares or 25,000 ordinary shares (or up to 28,750 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full).
  F-14
    Unit Purchase Option
  The Company has agreed to sell Maxim Group LLC (and/or its designees) (“Maxim”), $100, an option to purchase up to 250,000 Units (or 287,500 Units if the overallotment option is exercised in full) exercisable at $11.50 per Unit (or an aggregate exercise price of $2,875,000, or $3,306,250 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) commencing on the later of six months from the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed Public Offering and the consummation of a Business Combination. The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and expires five years from the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed Public Offering. The Units issuable upon exercise of the option are identical to those offered in the Proposed Public Offering. The Company intends to account for the unit purchase option, inclusive of the receipt of $100 cash payment, as an expense of the Proposed Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to shareholders’ equity. The Company estimates that the fair value of the unit purchase option is approximately $691,495 (or $795,219 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $2.77 per Unit, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the unit purchase option to be granted to the underwriters is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 35%, (2) risk-free interest rate of 0.28% and (3) expected life of five years. The option and such units purchased pursuant to the option, as well as the ordinary shares underlying such units, the rights included in such units, the ordinary shares that are issuable for the rights included in such units, the warrants included in such units, and the shares underlying such warrants, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Additionally, the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date of Proposed Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Proposed Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to holders demand and “piggy back” rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or the Company’s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price.
  Right of First Refusal
  Subject to certain conditions, the Company granted Maxim, for a period of 15 months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, a right of first refusal to act as lead underwriters or minimally as a co-manager, with at least 30% of the economics; or, in the case of a three-handed deal 20% of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity and debt offerings. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)6), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed Public Offering.
  NOTE 8 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
  The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to September 4, 2020, the date that the financial statements were issued. Other than as described in these financial statements, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements
  F-15
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
UNAUDITED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
      September 30,
2020     June 30,
2020  
              ASSETS            
              Current assets - cash   $ 36,290     $ 76,317  
Deferred offering costs     74,945       -  
                  TOTAL ASSETS   $ 111,235     $ 76,317  
                  LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY                
Current liabilities:                
Accrued expense   $ 12,500     $ 6,410  
Promissory Note - related party     239,512       79,532  
                  TOTAL LIABILITIES     252,012       85,942  
                  Commitments and contingencies                
                  Shareholders deficit:                
Ordinary shares, no par value; unlimited shares authorized; 1,437,500 and 1,437,500 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2020 and June 30, 2020, respectively     25,000       25,000  
Accumulated deficit     (165,777 )     (34,625 )
                  Total Shareholders Deficit     (140,777 )     (9,625 )
                  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT   $ 111,235     $ 76,317  
  (1) Includes up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. Shares and per share data are presented on a retroactive basis to reflect the recapitalization on September 1, 2020.
  See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed interim financial statements.
  F-16
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
      Three months ended September 30,
2020     Period from August 12, 2019 (inception) through
September 30,
2019  
              Formation and operating costs   $ (131,152 )   $ -  
                  NET LOSS   $ (131,152 )   $ -  
                  Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding (1)     1,437,500       1,437,500  
                  Basic and diluted net loss per share   $ (0.09 )   $ -  
  (1) Excludes up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. Shares and per share data are presented on a retroactive basis to reflect the recapitalization on September 1, 2020.
  See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed interim financial statements.
  F-17
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
      For the Three months ended September 30, 2020  
    Ordinary shares     Accumulated     Total Shareholders’  
    No. of shares     Amount     deficit     Deficit  
                          Balance as of July 1, 2020     1,437,500     $ 25,000     $ (34,625 )   $ (9,625 )
                                  Net loss for the period     -       -       (131,152 )     (131,152 )
                                  Balance as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited)     1,437,500     $ 25,000     $ (165,777 )   $ (140,777 )
      For the Three months ended September 30, 2019  
    Ordinary shares     Shares subscription     Accumulated     Total Shareholders’  
    No. of shares     Amount     receivable     deficit     Deficit  
                                Balance as of August 12, 2019 (inception)     -     $ -     $ -     $           -     $          -  
                                          Issuance of ordinary shares to the founder (1)     1,437,500       25,000       (25,000 )     -       -  
                                          Balance as of September 30, 2019 (unaudited)     1,437,500     $ 25,000     $ (25,000 )   $ -     $ -  
  (1) Includes up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. Shares and per share data are presented on a retroactive basis to reflect the recapitalization on September 1, 2020.
  See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed interim financial statements.
  F-18
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”))
      Three months ended September 30,
2020     Three months ended September 30,
2019  
    (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)  
Cash flow from operating activities:            
Net loss   $ (131,152 )   $ -  
                  Change in operating assets and liabilities:                
     Increase in accruals     6,090       -  
     Increase in deferred offering costs     (74,945 )     -  
                  Net cash used in operating activities     (200,007 )     -  
                  Cash flows from financing activities:                
                  Proceed from a related party     159,980       -  
                  Net cash provided by financing activities     159,980       -  
                  NET CHANGE IN CASH     (40,027 )     –  
                  CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD     76,317       –  
                  CASH, END OF PERIOD   $ 36,290     $ –  
                  SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES:                
Deferred offering costs were paid by a related party   $ 74,945     $ -  
Shares subscription receivable   $ -     $ 25,000  
  See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed interim financial statements.
  F-19
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
NOTES TO UNAIDTED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
  NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND
  Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited (the “Company” or “we”, “us” and “our”) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated on August 12, 2019, under the laws of the British Virgin Islands for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (Business Combination”). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on opportunities in the artificial intelligence and any other related technology innovations market in North America.
  As of September 30, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through September 30, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed public offering as described below. The Company has selected June 30 as its fiscal year end.
  The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed public offering of 5,000,000 units (“Units”) (or 5,750,000 Units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at $0.01 per Unit, which is discussed in Note 3 (the “Proposed Public Offering”), and the sale of 350,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement to Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited (the “Sponsor”) to the Sponsor (the “Insider Units”). The Company intends to list the Units on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“NASDAQ”). The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and interest released to pay taxes payable) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that at least $10.00 per Unit, or $50,000,000 in the aggregate (or $57,500,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the Private Units will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company’s shareholders, as described below.
  The Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. The ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.”
  F-20
    The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
  The Company’s initial shareholders (the “initial shareholders”) have agreed (a) to vote their founder shares, the ordinary shares included in the Private Units (the “Private Shares”) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would stop the public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period unless the Company provides dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with any such vote; (c) not to convert any founder shares and Private Units (including underlying securities) (as well as any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to shareholders’ rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the founder shares and Private Units (including underlying securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the initial shareholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination.
  The Company will have until 12 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months, the Company may, but is not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination three times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a Business Combination) (the “Combination Period”). In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the initial shareholders or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the Trust Account $500,000 or, $575,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case), on or prior to the applicable deadline.
  If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable), which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company’s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than $10.00.
  F-21
    The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
  Going concern consideration
  At September 30, 2020, the Company had cash of $36,290 and a working capital deficit of $215,722. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The management’s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the Proposed Public Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a business combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of $500,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the Proposed Public Offering. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  NOTE 2 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  ● Basis of presentation
  The accompanying unaudited condensed interim financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in audited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information not misleading. The results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year of 2021. Accordingly, these statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s audited financial statements as of and for the years ended June 30, 2020.
  In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present a fair presentation of the Company’s financial position, its results of operations and its cash flows, as applicable, have been made. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year.
  ● Emerging growth company
  The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
  Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
  F-22
    ● Use of estimates
  In preparing these unaudited condensed interim financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported expenses during the reporting period.
  Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the unaudited condensed interim financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, Actual results may differ from these estimates.
  ● Cash
  The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2020.
   ● Deferred offering costs
  Deferred offering costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Offering and that will be charged to shareholders’ equity (deficit) upon the completion of the Proposed Offering. Should the Proposed Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses incurred, will be charged to operations.
  ● Income taxes
  Income taxes are determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
  ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. The Company’s management determined that the British Virgin Islands is the Company’s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2020 and June 30, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
  The Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with foreign tax laws.
  The Company’s tax provision is zero for the three months periods ended September 30, 2020 and 2019.
  The Company is considered to be an exempted British Virgin Islands Company, and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the British Virgin Islands or the United States.
  ● Net loss per share
  Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 6). At September 30, 2020 and June 30, 2020, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented.
  F-23
    ● Related parties
  Parties, which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Companies are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence.
  ● Concentration of credit risk
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.
  ● Fair value of financial instrument
  The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature.
  ● Recent accounting pronouncements
  Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s unaudited condensed interim financial statements.
  NOTE 3 – PROPOSED PUBLIC OFFERING
  The Proposed Public Offering calls for the Company to offer for sale up to 5,000,000 ordinary Units at a proposed offering price of $10.00 per Unit (plus up to an additional 750,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any). Each Unit will consist of one ordinary share, one right (“Public Right”) and one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share. Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share.
  NOTE 4 – PRIVATE PLACEMENT
  The Sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 350,000 private units at $10.00 per Private Unit for a total purchase price of $3,500,000 in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. Each Private Unit consists of one Private Share, one redeemable warrant (each, a “Private Warrant”) and one right (each, a “Private Right”). Each Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. However, the Private Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, meaning that the Private Warrants must be exercised in multiples of two. Each Private Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share at the closing of a Business Combination. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be added to the net proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Warrants and Private Rights will expire worthless.
  NOTE 5 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  Founder Shares
  In August 2019, 10,000 shares were sold. In September 2020, the Company issued another 1,427,500 ordinary shares resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares (the “Founder Shares”) outstanding to our initial shareholders, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. All share and per share information have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the share split. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering (assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Public Offering and excluding the Private Units and underlying securities).
  F-24
    The initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until (1) with respect to 50% of the founder shares, the earlier of six months after the completion of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the founder shares, six months after the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
  Promissory Note – Related Party
  Cross Wealth Investment Holding Limited, which is owned by the Company’s director, Jining Li, has agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of $500,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the Proposed Public Offering (the “Promissory Note”). As of September 30, 2020 and June 30, 2020, $239,512 and $79,532 was outstanding under the Promissory Note, respectively. The Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and due on the closing of the Proposed Offering.
  Administrative Services Agreement
  The Company is obligated, commencing from June 1, 2020, to pay Golden Bridge Capital Limited, which is also owned by Mr. Jining Li, the Company’s director and also the affiliate of the Sponsor, a monthly fee of $10,000 for general and administrative services. This agreement will terminate upon completion of the Company’s business combination or the liquidation of the trust account to public shareholders.
  Director’s Remuneration
  The Company is obligated, commencing from June 1, 2020, to pay Yongsheng Liu, which is our CEO, a monthly fee of HK$50,000 (or approximately US$6,410 based on an exchange rate of HK$7.8 to US$1.0 on September 30, 2020) for his service to the Company.
  NOTE 6 – SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
  Ordinary shares
  The Company is authorized to issue unlimited ordinary shares with no par value. Holders of the Company’s ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2020 and June 30, 2020, there were 1,437,500 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which 187,500 ordinary shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full, so that the initial shareholders will own 20% of the issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering (excluding the sale of the Private Units and assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Units in the Proposed Public Offering).
  Warrants
  The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of this Proposed Public Offering. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of the business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
  F-25
    The Company may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
  ● at any time while the Public Warrants are exercisable,
  ● upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder,
  ● if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.50 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and
  ● if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
  The Private Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
  If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.
  Rights 
  Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of a Public Right converted all ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection with a Business Combination or an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association with respect to its pre-business combination activities. In the event that the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each Public Right upon consummation of a Business Combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of Public Rights in order to receive his, her or its additional ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Public Rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis.
  F-26
    The Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of Public Rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the British Virgin Islands law. As a result, the holders of the Public Rights must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of the holders’ rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Rights, and the Public Rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the Public Rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless.
  NOTE 7 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
  Risks and Uncertainties
  Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s future financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, there has been a significant impact as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the future outcome of this uncertainty.
  Registration Rights
  The holders of the founder shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the Private Units (and all underlying securities) and any securities our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this Proposed Public Offering. The holders of the majority of the founder shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units (and underlying securities) and securities issued in payment of Working Capital Loans (or underlying securities) or loans to extend our life can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
  Underwriter Agreement
  The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 750,000 Units (over and above 5,000,000 units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments at the Proposed Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
  The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 2.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $1,250,000 (or up to $1,437,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full). In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $1,750,000 (or up to $2,012,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full) until the closing of the Business Combination. The deferred fee can be paid in cash, stock or a combination of both (at the underwriter’s discretion). Any stock issued as a part of the deferred fee will be issued to the underwriters at the value per share in the Company’s Trust Account, subject to any additional increases in the amount in trust per the Company’s trust extensions. Stock to be issued to the underwriters will have unlimited piggyback registration rights and the same rights afforded other holders of the Company’s common stock. In addition, the Company shall pay the underwriters, at closing of the Proposed Public Offering, 0.5% of the gross proceeds in the Company’s ordinary shares or 25,000 ordinary shares (or up to 28,750 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full).
  F-27
    Unit Purchase Option
  The Company has agreed to sell Maxim Group LLC (and/or its designees) (“Maxim”), $100, an option to purchase up to 250,000 Units (or 287,500 Units if the overallotment option is exercised in full) exercisable at $11.50 per Unit (or an aggregate exercise price of $2,875,000, or $3,306,250 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) commencing on the later of six months from the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed Public Offering and the consummation of a Business Combination. The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and expires five years from the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed Public Offering. The Units issuable upon exercise of the option are identical to those offered in the Proposed Public Offering. The Company intends to account for the unit purchase option, inclusive of the receipt of $100 cash payment, as an expense of the Proposed Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to shareholders’ equity. The Company estimates that the fair value of the unit purchase option is approximately $691,495 (or $795,219 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $2.77 per Unit, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the unit purchase option to be granted to the underwriters is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 35%, (2) risk-free interest rate of 0.28% and (3) expected life of five years. The option and such units purchased pursuant to the option, as well as the ordinary shares underlying such units, the rights included in such units, the ordinary shares that are issuable for the rights included in such units, the warrants included in such units, and the shares underlying such warrants, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Additionally, the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date of Proposed Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Proposed Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to holders demand and “piggy back” rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or the Company’s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price.
  Right of First Refusal
  Subject to certain conditions, the Company granted Maxim, for a period of 15 months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, a right of first refusal to act as lead underwriters or minimally as a co-manager, with at least 30% of the economics; or, in the case of a three-handed deal 20% of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity and debt offerings. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed Public Offering.
  NOTE 8 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
  In January 2021, the Sponsor transferred 300,000, 606,061, 30,000 and 60,606 shares of its insider shares to Golden Bridge Holding, LLC, Scienjoy Inc., Lucky Link International Limited, and Can Wu.
  F-28
    Until ____, 2021, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
  No dealer, salesperson or any other person is authorized to give any information or make any representations in connection with this offering other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, the information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security other than the securities offered by this prospectus, or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful.
  $50,000,000
  Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited
   5,000,000 Units
    PROSPECTUS
    Sole Book-Running Manager 
  Maxim
  ____________, 2021
        PART II
  INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
  Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
  The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows:
  Initial Trustees’ fee   $ 6,500 (1)
SEC Registration Fee     8,719  
FINRA filing fee     10,576  
Accounting fees and expenses     40,000  
Nasdaq listing fees     50,000  
Printing and engraving expenses     45,000  
Legal fees and expenses     300,000  
Miscellaneous     39,205 (2)
Total   $ 500,000  
   (1) In addition to the initial acceptance fee that is charged by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as trustee, the registrant will be required to pay to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC $[40,400] for acting as trustee, as transfer agent of the registrant’s ordinary shares, as warrant agent for the registrant’s warrants, as rights agent for the registrant’s rights, and as escrow agent.
  (2) This amount represents additional expenses that may be incurred by the Company in connection with the offering over and above those specifically listed above, including distribution and mailing costs.
  Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
  British Virgin Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the British Virgin Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect.
  Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is theretofore unenforceable.
  Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
  During the past three years, we sold the following ordinary shares without registration under the Securities Act:
    ● In August 2019, an aggregate number of 10,000 shares were sold to Cross Investment Holding Limited our sponsor and Mr. Yongsheng Liu, our chief executive officer. In September 2020, the Company issued another 1,427,500 ordinary shares resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding to our sponsor, officers and directors. In January 2021, our sponsor transferred part of its insider shares to Golden Bridge Holding, LLC, Scienjoy Inc., Lucky Link International Limited, and Can Wu. The transfer is conducted pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
    ● In addition, our sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 350,000 private units from the Company on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, they will purchase from the Company at a price of $10.00 per private unit up to an additional 18,750 private units. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
  No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. 
  II-1
    Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
  (a) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement:
  Exhibit No.   Description
1.1   Form of Underwriting Agreement.
3.1   Memorandum and Articles of Association.
3.2   Form of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.
4.1   Specimen Unit Certificate.
4.2   Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate.
4.3   Specimen Warrant Certificate.
4.4   Specimen Right Certificate.
4.5   Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant.
4.6   Form of Rights Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant.
4.7   Form of Unit Purchase Option between the Registrant and Maxim Group LLC
5.1   Opinion of Forbes Hare
5.2   Opinion of Loeb & Loeb LLP.
10.1   Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant, Maxim Group LLC and the Company’s officers, directors and shareholders.
10.2   Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant.
10.3   Form of Escrow Agreement between the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC and the Initial Shareholders.
10.4   Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and the Initial Shareholders and Maxim Group LLC.
10.5   Form of Subscription Agreement among the Registrant, the Initial Shareholders and Maxim Group LLC.
14   Form of Code of Ethics.
23.1   Consent of Friedman LLP.
23.2   Consent of Forbes Hare (included in Exhibit 5.1).
23.3   Consent of Loeb & Loeb LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2).
24   Power of Attorney (included on signature page)
99.1   Form of Audit Committee Charter.
99.2   Form of Nominating Committee Charter.
99.3   Form of Compensation Committee Charter.
  * To be filed by amendment
  Item 17. Undertakings.
    (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:
    (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:
    i. To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933;
    ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement;
    iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement.
  II-2
      (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
    (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering.
    (4) That for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933 in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:
    i. Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;
    ii. Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant;
    iii. The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and
    iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.
    (5) That for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.
    (b) The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
    (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
    (d) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
    (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
    (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
  II-3
    SIGNATURES
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, on the 20th day of January, 2021.
    GOLDENBRIDGE ACQUISITION LIMITED
        By: /s/ Ray Chen
  Name:  Ray Chen
  Title: Chief Operating Officer
  POWER OF ATTORNEY
  KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Yongsheng Liu and Ray Chen his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments including post-effective amendments to this registration statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his or her substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
  Name   Position   Date
          /s/ Yongsheng Liu   Chief Executive Officer
(Principal executive officer) and Director   January 20, 2021
Yongsheng Liu      
          /s/ Yanhong Xue   Chief Financial Officer
(Principal financial and accounting officer)   January 20, 2021
Yanhong Xue      
          /s/ Ray Chen   Chief Operating Officer   January 20, 2021
Ray Chen        
          /s/ Jining Li
  Director   January 20, 2021
Jining Li        
          /s/ Kinpui Choi   Independent Director   January 20, 2021
Kinpui Choi        
          /s/ Michael Chen   Independent Director   January 20, 2021
Michael Chen        
          /s/ Claude P. Franco   Independent Director   January 20, 2021
Claude P. Franco        
     II-4
   