S-1 1 tm217785-4_s1.htm S-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2021.
Registration No. 333-
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM S-1
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
ACROPOLIS INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
6770
(Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)
86-2120451
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
9 West 57th Street, 43rd Floor
New York, NY 10019
(212) 515-3200
(Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
James Crossen
Chief Financial Officer
9 West 57th Street, 43rd Floor
New York, NY 10019
(212) 515-3200
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
Copies to:
Catherine L. Goodall, Esq.
Brian M. Janson, Esq.
Gregory A. Ezring, Esq.
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP
1285 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10019
(212) 373-3000
Ryan J. Maierson, Esq.
Erika L. Weinberg, Esq.
Stelios G. Saffos, Esq.
Latham & Watkins LLP
885 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10022
(212) 906-1200
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ☐
If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
☐
Accelerated filer
☐
Non-accelerated filer
☒
Smaller reporting company
☒
Emerging growth company
☒
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐
CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
Title of Each Class of Security Being Registered
Amount
Being
Registered
Proposed Maximum
Offering Price
per Security(1)
Proposed Maximum
Aggregate
Offering Price(1)
Amount of
Registration Fee
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-fifth of one warrant﻿(2)
46,000,000 Units
$ 10.00 $ 460,000,000 $ 50,186.00
Shares of Class A common stock included as part of the units(3)
46,000,000 Shares
— — —
(4)
Warrants included as part of the units(3)
9,200,000 Warrants
— — —
(4)
Total
$ 460,000,000 $ 50,186.00
(1)
Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee.
(2)
Includes 6,000,000 units, consisting of 6,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 1,200,000 warrants, which may be issued upon exercise of a 30-day option granted to the underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any.
(3)
Pursuant to Rule 416(a), there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.
(4)
No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g).
The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
The information contained in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. No securities may be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities, in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
Subject to Completion, dated March 17, 2021
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
$400,000,000
Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp.
40,000,000 Units
Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. We intend to focus our search for a business combination target in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors in North America.
This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus, and only whole warrants are exercisable. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of this offering, and will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation, as described in this prospectus. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. We have also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 6,000,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any.
We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock in connection with our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account described below as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (“permitted withdrawals”), divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Class A common stock that were sold as part of the units in this offering, which we refer to collectively as our public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or 27 months from the closing of this offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering but have not completed our initial business combination within such 24-month period (the “completion window”), we will redeem 100% of the public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described herein.
Our sponsor, Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. (which we refer to as our sponsor throughout this prospectus), has committed to purchase an aggregate of 7,333,333 warrants (or 8,133,333 warrants if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($11.0 million in the aggregate, or $12.2 million if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. We refer to these warrants throughout this prospectus as the private placement warrants. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share.
Our initial stockholders, which include our sponsor, currently own an aggregate of 11,500,000 shares of Class B common stock (up to 1,500,000 shares of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised). We refer to these shares of Class B common stock as the founder shares throughout this prospectus. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Holders of the shares of Class B common stock will have the exclusive right to vote on the election or removal of our directors prior to our initial business combination. On any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, holders of the shares of Class B common stock and holders of the shares of Class A common stock will vote together as a single class, except as required by law or the applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, then in effect.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Prior to this offering there has been no public market for our units, Class A common stock or warrants. We intend to apply to have our units listed on the NYSE under the symbol “ACRO.U.” We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on NYSE. We expect the Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless the representative of the underwriters, or representative, informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering and issuing a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on the NYSE under the symbols “ACRO” and “ACRO WS,” respectively.
We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 32 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
Per Unit
Total
Public offering price
$ 10.00 $ 400,000,000
Underwriting discounts and commissions(1)
$ 0.55 $ 22,000,000
Proceeds, before expenses, to Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp.
$ 9.45 $ 378,000,000
(1)
Includes $0.35 per unit, or $14,000,000 in the aggregate (or $16,100,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein and released to the underwriters only upon the completion of our initial business combination, as described in this prospectus. See “Underwriting (Conflict of Interest)” elsewhere in this prospectus for a description of compensation and other items of value payable to the underwriters.
Of the $411.0 million in proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, or $472.2 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, $400.0 million ($10.00 per unit), or $460.0 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per unit), will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and $11.0 million, including $8.0 million in underwriting discounts and commissions (or $12.2 million, including $9.2 million in underwriting discounts and commissions, if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be used to pay fees and expenses in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following the closing of this offering. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to make permitted withdrawals, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination (including the release of funds to pay any amounts due to any public stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection therewith), (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders.
The underwriters are offering the units for sale on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the units to the purchasers on or about                  , 2021.
Credit SuisseApollo Global SecuritiesCitigroup Barclays
Evercore ISI
Siebert Williams Shank
The date of this prospectus is                  , 2021.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SUMMARY
1
RISK FACTORS
32
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
68
USE OF PROCEEDS
69
DIVIDEND POLICY
72
DILUTION
73
CAPITALIZATION
75
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
76
PROPOSED BUSINESS
82
MANAGEMENT
111
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
123
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
126
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
129
MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
147
UNDERWRITING (CONFLICT OF INTEREST)
158
LEGAL MATTERS
165
EXPERTS
165
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
165
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
F-1
We are responsible for the information contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information, and we take no responsibility for any other information others may give to you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus.
 
i
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
SUMMARY
This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing.
Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus or the context otherwise requires, references to “we,” “us,” “company” or “our company” are to Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation, and references to:
•
“amended and restated certificate of incorporation” are to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be in effect upon completion of this offering;
•
“Apollo” or “Firm” are to Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO), a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries;
•
“Apollo Funds” are to the private equity, credit and real assets funds (including parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles), partnerships, accounts (including strategic investment accounts), alternative asset companies and other entities for which Apollo provides investment management or advisory services;
•
“assets under management” or “AUM” are to the assets of the funds, partnerships and accounts to which Apollo provides investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services, including, without limitation, capital that such funds, partnerships and accounts have the right to call from investors pursuant to capital commitments; Apollo’s AUM equals the sum of: (i) the net asset value plus used or available leverage and/or capital commitments, or gross assets plus capital commitments, of the credit funds, partnerships and accounts for which Apollo provides investment management or advisory services, other than certain collateralized loan obligations, collateralized debt obligations, and certain permanent capital vehicles, which have a fee-generating basis other than the mark-to-market value of the underlying assets; (ii) the fair value of the investments of the private equity and real assets funds, partnerships and accounts Apollo manages or advises plus the capital that such funds, partnerships and accounts are entitled to call from investors pursuant to capital commitments, plus portfolio level financings; for certain permanent capital vehicles in real assets, gross asset value plus available financing capacity; (iii) the gross asset value associated with the reinsurance investments of the portfolio company assets Apollo manages or advises; and (iv) the fair value of any other assets that Apollo manages or advises for the funds, partnerships and accounts to which Apollo provides investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services, plus unused credit facilities, including capital commitments to such funds, partnerships and accounts for investments that may require pre-qualification or other conditions before investment plus any other capital commitments to such funds, partnerships and accounts available for investment that are not otherwise included in the clauses above. Apollo’s AUM measure includes assets under management for which it charges either nominal or zero fees. Apollo’s AUM measure also includes assets for which Apollo does not have investment discretion, including certain assets for which Apollo earns only investment-related service fees, rather than management or advisory fees. Apollo’s definition of AUM is not based on any definition of assets under management contained in its governing documents or in any of the Apollo fund management agreements. Apollo considers multiple factors for determining what should be included in its definition of AUM. Such factors include but are not limited to (1) its ability to influence the investment decisions for existing and available assets; (2) its ability to generate income from the underlying assets in the Apollo Funds; and (3) the AUM measures that Apollo uses internally or believe are used by other investment managers. Given the differences in the investment strategies and structures among other alternative investment managers, Apollo’s calculation of AUM may differ from the calculations employed by other investment managers and, as a result, this measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. Apollo’s calculation also differs from the manner in which its affiliates registered with the SEC report “Regulatory Assets Under Management” on Form ADV and Form PF in various ways;
•
“common stock” are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively;
 
1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
•
“completion window” are to the period following the closing of this offering at the end of which, if we have not completed our initial business combination, we will redeem 100% of the public shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and certain conditions and as further described herein; the completion window ends 24 months from the closing of this offering, or 27 months from the closing of this offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering but have not completed our initial business combination within such 24-month period;
•
“equity-linked securities” are to any securities of our company or any of our subsidiaries which are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, equity securities of our company or such subsidiary, including any private placement of equity or debt;
•
“founder shares” are to our shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders, including our sponsor, and our shares of Class A common stock issued upon the automatic conversion thereof at the time of completion of our initial business combination as described herein;
•
“initial stockholders” are to holders of our founder shares prior to this offering;
•
“management” or our “management team” are to our officers and directors;
•
“permitted withdrawals” are to amounts withdrawn to pay our taxes;
•
“private placement warrants” are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering;
•
“public shares” are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market);
•
“public stockholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder’s and member of our management team’s status as a “public stockholder” shall only exist with respect to such public shares;
•
“public warrants” are to the warrants sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market); and
•
“sponsor” are to Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership and an affiliate of Apollo.
Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fifth of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus, and only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least five units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.
Registered trademarks referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners.
Unless otherwise indicated, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.
 
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Our Company
Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. We intend to focus our search for a business combination target in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors in North America.
Our sponsor is an affiliate of Apollo. Founded in 1990, Apollo is a leading global alternative investment manager with approximately $455 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2020. Apollo operates its three primary business segments, private equity, credit and real assets, in a fully integrated manner with no information barriers. This integrated model provides Apollo investment professionals with differentiated industry and market insights, as each investment business line draws upon the intellectual capital and experience from others, which Apollo believes is a significant competitive advantage and is distinct from other alternative investment managers.
Since 1990, across the integrated platform, Apollo-managed funds have invested more than $20 billion in infrastructure-related investments, including approximately $9 billion in equity strategies which in aggregate have returned a 25% gross IRR.1
Apollo’s private equity segment (approximately $81 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2020) manages funds that focus on corporate private equity and provide capital solutions across industries and geographies. Apollo’s flagship private equity funds pursue a value-oriented, contrarian approach, investing across the capital structure with a focus on three primary pathways to capture value: opportunistic buyouts, corporate carve-outs and distressed-for-control investments. Since inception, Apollo’s flagship private equity funds have invested more than $64 billion of fund capital across over 170 portfolio companies, representing more than $260 billion of enterprise value in the aggregate. Apollo’s flagship private equity funds have consistently produced attractive returns, having generated a gross IRR of 39% (24% net IRR).2
1
Represents aggregate returns on $9 billion in infrastructure-related equity strategies investments across Apollo-managed funds since inception in 1990 through December 31, 2020. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Gross IRR represents the cumulative investment-related cash flows (i) for a given investment for the fund or funds which made such investment, and (ii) for a given fund, in the relevant fund itself (and not any one investor in the fund), in each case, on the basis of the actual timing of investment inflows and outflows (for unrealized investments assuming disposition on December 31, 2020 or other date specified) aggregated on a gross basis quarterly, and the return is annualized and compounded before management fees, performance fees and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns on the funds’ investments as a whole without regard to whether all of the returns would, if distributed, be payable to the funds’ investors. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor.
2
Represents returns of traditional Apollo private equity funds since inception in 1990 through December 31, 2020. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Gross IRR represents the cumulative investment-related cash flows (i) for a given investment for the fund or funds which made such investment, and (ii) for a given fund, in the relevant fund itself (and not any one investor in the fund), in each case, on the basis of the actual timing of investment inflows and outflows (for unrealized investments assuming disposition on December 31, 2020 or other date specified) aggregated on a gross basis quarterly, and the return is annualized and compounded before management fees, performance fees and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns on the fund’s investments as a whole without regard to whether all of the returns would, if
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Apollo’s credit segment (approximately $329 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2020) is debt-focused and primarily deploys capital across corporate credit and structured credit in non-control scenarios; it also directly lends and originates loans on a global basis in large, established corporations.
Apollo’s real assets segment (approximately $46 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2020) primarily invests in assets across hospitality, office, industrial, retail, healthcare, residential and non-performing loans in the United States, Europe and Asia.
Apollo is led by its Managing Partners, Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan, who have worked together for over 34 years and who remain involved in Apollo’s strategic leadership, as well as Scott Kleinman and Jim Zelter, Co-Presidents of Apollo Global Management, Inc. who share oversight for all of Apollo’s revenue-generating and investing businesses. Together they lead a team of over 1,700 employees across offices in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, Houston, Bethesda, London, Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg, Mumbai, Delhi, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Tokyo, among other locations throughout the world (as of December 31, 2020).
Apollo has a long history of extending its platform outside of its existing investment funds to diversify into areas with meaningful synergy with its core businesses. Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. further broadens Apollo’s investment mandate, allowing the platform to pursue new opportunities in the modern infrastructure landscape for targets that we believe are ready to be public companies. As an extension of Apollo’s integrated platform, Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. will benefit from Apollo’s diverse investment experience. We believe the association with the Apollo platform will enable Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. to (i) source a greater number and a more differentiated set of business combination opportunities, (ii) utilize Apollo’s pre-existing executive relationships and institutional knowledge in due diligence, (iii) more successfully implement value creation strategies and initiatives to accelerate growth following a business combination, and (iv) better optimize our capital structure and more easily raise any required incremental capital to support any potential go-forward needs following a business combination.
Apollo and its affiliates are experienced sponsors of special purpose acquisition companies with a track record of success. We believe there are several recent examples of this, including Spartan Energy Acquisition Corp. (“Spartan I”), Spartan Acquisition Corp. II (“Spartan II”) and Spartan Acquisition Corp. III (“Spartan III”). Spartan I successfully closed a business combination with Fisker Inc. in October 2020, and Spartan II announced a business combination with Sunlight Financial LLC in January 2021. Spartan III completed its initial public offering in February 2021 and has until February 2023 to complete its initial business combination (which date may be extended under certain circumstances). Furthermore, in October 2020, Apollo Strategic Growth Capital (“APSG I”), a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of Apollo, completed its initial public offering. APSG I has not yet announced a business combination but has encountered a high level of engagement with a significant number of potential targets. In February 2021, Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II (“APSG II”), a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of Apollo, completed its initial public offering. APSG II has not yet announced a business combination. We believe Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition
distributed, be payable to the fund’s investors. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Net IRR means the Gross IRR applicable to a fund, including returns for related parties which may not pay fees or performance fees, net of management fees, certain expenses (including interest incurred or earned by the fund itself) and realized performance fees all offset to the extent of interest income, and measures returns at the fund level on amounts that, if distributed, would be paid to investors of the fund. The timing of cash flows applicable to investments, management fees and certain expenses, may be adjusted for the usage of a fund’s subscription facility. To the extent that a fund exceeds all requirements detailed within the applicable fund agreement, the estimated unrealized value is adjusted such that a percentage of up to 20.0% of the unrealized gain is allocated to the general partner of such fund, thereby reducing the balance attributable to fund investors. In addition, net IRR at the fund level will differ from that at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Net IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor.
 
4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Corp. will similarly benefit from the unique and valuable experience of the Apollo platform3, as well as the experience of our management team. See ‘‘Risk Factors — Past performance by Apollo, Apollo Funds, our management team, APSG I, APSG II, Spartan I, Spartan II or Spartan III is not indicative of future performance of an investment in the company.’’
Geoffrey Strong serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Strong joined Apollo in 2012 and is currently a Senior Partner and Co-Lead of the Firm’s Global Infrastructure and Natural Resources groups. Previously, he worked in the Private Equity and Infrastructure groups at Blackstone, focusing primarily on investments in the energy sector, and prior to that, as a vice president at Morgan Stanley Capital Partners. Mr. Strong serves or has served on the board of directors of various Apollo portfolio companies or affiliates, including: Apex Energy, LLC; AIE Arlington, LLC; AIE Caledonia Holdings, LLC; Caelus Energy Alaska, LLC; Chisholm Oil and Gas, LLC; CPV Fairview LLC; DoublePoint Energy, LLC; Double Eagle Energy Holdings, LLC; Double Eagle Energy Holdings II, LLC; Double Eagle Energy Holdings III, LLC; Freestone Midstream Holdings, LLC; Great Bay Renewables Holdings, LLC; Momentum Minerals, LLC; Momentum Minerals II, LLC; Northwoods Energy LLC; Pipeline Funding Company, LLC; Roundtable Energy Holdings, LLC; Spartan I; Spartan II; Tumbleweed Royalty, LLC; Tumbleweed Royalty II, LLC; US Wind Inc. and Vistra Energy Corp. He also currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Spartan III, as well as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Spartan II.
Dylan Foo serves as our Chairman. Mr. Foo is a Senior Partner at Apollo and Co-Lead of the Firm’s Global Infrastructure platform, which has historically deployed over $20 billion in infrastructure-related investments. Mr. Foo has 20 years industry experience investing in Asia, UK, Europe and North America, with a particular focus on mid-market assets in transportation, telecommunications and social infrastructure. Mr. Foo currently serves on the board of directors of Thor Parent Holdings, LLC (parent of Parallel Infrastructure). Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Foo spent over 13 years at AMP Capital, where he served as Partner & Global Head of Direct Investments. Mr. Foo was a member of the Global Infrastructure Investment Committee, overseeing all investing activities. Mr. Foo has previously served on the board of directors of Angel Trains (UK), Everstream, Millennium Parking Garages, Smarte Carte, and ITS ConGlobal. Mr. Foo previously worked at Westpac Bank and Morgan Stanley.
Apollo recognizes the importance of environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) issues and has a long history of taking these into account when contemplating new investments. Apollo believes responsible investment considers how ESG issues impact the Firm, the funds it manages, and their portfolio companies, the communities in which it and they operate, and the world at large. As one of the world’s largest alternative investment managers, Apollo believes that consideration of ESG issues is essential to any company’s success by enhancing their ability to manage risks and grow responsibly.
Apollo’s ESG program rests on three pillars: thorough ESG due diligence, meaningful and tailored engagement with companies post-acquisition, and a commitment to transparency and periodic reporting of qualitative and quantitative ESG information. Apollo believes the processes underlying these three pillars better position company investment professionals and company management teams to improve performance on ESG issues. Apollo has endorsed the American Investment Council’s Guidelines for Responsible Investing, and in 2020, Apollo adopted a comprehensive Responsible Investing and ESG Policy with specific policies for each asset class. Apollo also built upon its existing governance by requiring Firm-wide decisions on ESG issues to be made at the most senior level, led by a steering committee that includes certain members of Apollo’s senior management. This committee draws on recommendations from cross-functional teams of Apollo professionals across its private equity, credit and real assets businesses.
Business Strategy
Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire and, after our initial business combination, further accelerate the growth of a company in the public markets. Our team has a history of
3
With respect to the foregoing examples, past performance of Apollo, the Apollo Funds, Spartan I, Spartan II, Spartan III, APSG I and APSG II is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of Apollo’s, the Apollo Funds’ or our management’s performance as indicative of our future performance. An investment in us is not an investment in the Apollo Funds.
 
5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
executing complex transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. Although we may pursue an acquisition in any industry or geography, we intend to capitalize on the expertise of our management team to pursue a target in infrastructure, infrastructure services or a related sector, where we believe a combination of our relationships, knowledge and experience can effect a particularly positive transformation or augmentation of an existing business.
In particular, we seek to take advantage of the tailwinds behind massive investment and innovation in modern infrastructure solutions and technologies. Necessitated by growth and continued development of the broader economy, private infrastructure fund managers have raised and deployed capital at an incredible rate in recent years (infrastructure fundraising increased from $45 billion in 2007 to $98 billion in 2019, globally), which in turn, we believe, has remarkably increased the universe of private infrastructure companies which may be suitable targets for our initial business combination to become public companies. We expect this trend to continue — especially in North America and the United States, where President Joe Biden has proposed a federal spending plan to invest more than $2 trillion in climate infrastructure during his first term.
A suitable modern infrastructure target should have a proven, long-term value proposition and significant growth potential, while maintaining the defensive, downside-protected characteristics of traditional infrastructure, such as high barriers to entry and essentiality to society. We intend to focus on opportunities for targets which would make attractive public companies in the areas of telecommunications, transportation and mobility, waste or water management, renewable or traditional power generation, transmission or distribution, social services, education, healthcare, chemicals, industrials, and related infrastructure services and adjacencies. Our acquisition strategy will leverage Apollo’s proprietary deal-sourcing capability as well as public transaction sources. Our goal is to build a focused business with multiple competitive advantages that have the potential to improve the target business’s overall value proposition as a public company. To source and pursue the best opportunity, we plan to utilize the network and industry experience and expertise of our management team and the broader Apollo platform. Over the course of their careers, our officers and directors have developed a broad network of contacts and relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. In addition to industry and lending relationships, we plan to leverage relationships with management teams of public and private companies, investment bankers, restructuring advisers, attorneys, consultants and accountants, each of which provides unique channels of access to potential deal flow. Upon completion of this offering, we believe we can immediately begin to pursue potentially attractive acquisition opportunities.
Acquisition Criteria
Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets for our initial business combination. We will leverage these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire target businesses that we believe:
•
are leading companies that have exhibited positive top-line growth and/or are experiencing secular tailwinds;
•
have defensible and established business models, with sustainable competitive advantages and multiple avenues for growth;
•
can potentially benefit from having a public currency to accelerate growth trajectory;
•
can benefit from our management team and Apollo’s operating expertise, industry network and financing experience;
•
are not reliant on financial leverage to generate returns;
•
are at the point in their lifecycle at which going public is a natural next step; and
•
will offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders.
These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as
 
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC.
Initial Business Combination
The NYSE rules require that we must consummate our initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company’s business or there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company’s assets or prospects.
We may pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with our sponsor, Apollo, or one or more of its affiliates, one or more Apollo Funds and/or investors in the Apollo Funds, which we refer to as an “Affiliated Joint Acquisition.” Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Any such issuance of equity or equity-linked securities would, on a fully diluted basis, reduce the percentage ownership of our then-existing stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, issuances or deemed issuances of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities would result in an adjustment to the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock will convert into shares of Class A common stock such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination), unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to such issuance or deemed issuance at the time thereof. Neither our sponsor nor Apollo, nor any of their respective affiliates, have an obligation to make any such investment, and may compete with us for potential business combinations.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition as described above. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business
 
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the NYSE’s 80% of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for seeking stockholder approval or for purposes of a tender offer, as applicable.
Our Acquisition Process
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a rigorous due diligence review of issues that we deem important to validating a company’s business quality and assessing growth and value creation opportunities, allowing our management team to price returns relative to potential risks appropriately. This review may encompass, among other things, research related to the company’s industry, markets, products, services and competitors, meetings with incumbent management and employees, on-site visits and a review of financial and other information which will be made available us. Our approach to the acquisition process will be centered around leveraging Apollo’s existing network and knowledge base across its integrated platform and our management team’s operational and capital allocation expertise to target high-quality, established businesses where we see multiple opportunities for continued organic and strategic growth.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Apollo, members of our management team and our independent directors will directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
Our officers and directors have not selected a target business for our initial business combination. All of the members of our management team are also employed by Apollo. Apollo is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Certain members of our management team and directors who are affiliated with Apollo have fiduciary duties or are subject to contractual obligations or policies and procedures that require them to present business opportunities that may be appropriate for one or more Apollo Funds to the respective investment committees of such funds prior to presenting such opportunities to us regardless of the capacity in which they are made aware of such opportunities. In addition, certain members of our management team and directors have fiduciary duties to APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, Apollo Natural Resources Partners II, L.P. and its alternative investment vehicles (“ANRP II”), Apollo Natural Resources Partners III, L.P. and its parallel vehicles and alternative investment vehicles (“ANRP III”), Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Fund I (“AIOF I”)4 and Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Fund II, L.P. and its parallel vehicles and alternative investment vehicles (“AIOF II”). Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity, to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
4
AIOF I represents the aggregate of Apollo Infra Equity US Fund, L.P., Apollo Infra Equity Feeder Fund (Non-US), L.P., Apollo Infra Equity Feeder Fund (TE), L.P. and Apollo Infra Equity International Fund, L.P. together with any other feeder funds or alternative investment vehicles.
 
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. As a result, APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I and AIOF II may be given priority over us with respect to business combination opportunities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity, about which any member of our management team or director acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Please see the section entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest” for additional information.
In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, our officers and directors have and will have in the future time and attention requirements for current and future investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by Apollo or its affiliates. Specifically, Mr. Strong has fiduciary and contractual duties to ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I and AIOF II, and Mr. Foo has fiduciary and contractual duties to AIOF I and AIOF II. Apollo manages a significant number of Apollo Funds and will raise additional funds and/or accounts in the future, which will be during the period in which we are seeking our initial business combination. These Apollo investment entities may be seeking acquisition opportunities and related financing at any time. We may compete with any one or more of them on any given acquisition opportunity. In particular, certain of the Apollo Funds are focused on investments in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors (including AIOF I and AIOF II) and certain of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual obligations to such Apollo Funds to present to them business opportunities that may be appropriate for them. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for the Apollo Funds. To the extent any conflict of interest arises between, on the one hand, us and, on the other hand, investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by Apollo or its affiliates (including, without limitation, arising as a result of certain of our officers and directors being required to offer acquisition opportunities to Apollo or investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities), Apollo and its affiliates will resolve such conflicts of interest in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing fiduciary, contractual and other duties and there can be no assurance that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor.
In addition, Apollo and its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, have sponsored other blank check companies in the past and may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. In particular, affiliates of Apollo formed, and such affiliates and Mr. James Crossen (our Chief Financial Officer) are actively engaged in, APSG I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in October 2020, and/or APSG II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021. APSG I and APSG II may pursue initial business combination targets in any businesses or industries and have until October 2022 and
 
9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
February 2023, respectively, to do so (which dates may be extended under certain circumstances). In addition, an affiliate of Apollo formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong, and Mr. Crossen were previously engaged in, Spartan I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in August 2018 and completed its initial business combination in October 2020. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in November 2020 and, in January 2021, entered into a definitive agreement for its initial business combination. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan III, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021 and has until February 2023 to complete its initial business combination (which date may be extended under certain circumstances). Spartan III intends to focus its search for a target business in the energy value chain in North America. Each of our officers and directors owes fiduciary duties to these entities in which they serve as an officer or director. To the extent that the potential target pipeline remains robust, it is more likely Apollo or its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, will sponsor additional blank check companies in the future. Any such companies, including APSG I, APSG II and Spartan III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and the board and management teams.
Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
Risk Factors Summary
Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled “Risk Factors” immediately following this prospectus summary. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks associated with:
•
our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;
•
being a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues;
•
our ability to complete our initial business combination, including risks arising from the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic;
•
our public stockholders’ ability to exercise redemption rights;
•
the requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window;
•
the possibility that NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange;
•
being declared an investment company under the Investment Company Act;
•
complying with changing laws and regulations;
•
the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;
•
our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;
•
the pool of prospective target businesses available to us and the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;
•
the issuance of additional shares of Class A common stock in connection with a business combination that may dilute the interest of our stockholders;
•
the incentives to our sponsor, officers and directors to complete a business combination to avoid losing their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed;
•
our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers or directors following our initial business combination;
 
10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
•
our ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
•
our ability to amend the terms of warrants in a manner that may be adverse to the holders of public warrants;
•
our ability to redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise;
•
our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; and
•
provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law that may have the effect of inhibiting a takeover of us and discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.
We are a blank check company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. This offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. Please see “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419” for additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus.
Corporate Information
We are a Delaware corporation that was formed on August 27, 2020. Our executive offices are located at 9 West 57th Street, 43rd Floor, New York, NY 10019, and our telephone number is (212) 515-3200. Upon completion of this offering, our corporate website address will be www.                                    .com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this prospectus. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.
 
11
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The Offering
In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors.”
Securities offered
40,000,000 units (or 46,000,000 units if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units is exercised in full), at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of:
•
one share of Class A common stock; and
•
one-fifth of one warrant.
Proposed NYSE symbols
We anticipate that the units, the Class A common stock and warrants, once they begin separate trading, will be listed on the NYSE under the following symbols:
Units: “ACRO.U”
Class A common stock: “ACRO”
Warrants: “ACRO WS”
Trading commencement and separation of Class A common stock and warrants
The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless the representative informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the Class A common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least five units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.
Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination.
In no event will the Class A common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds promptly after the closing of this offering. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K
 
12
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
Units:
Number outstanding before this offering
None
Number outstanding after this offering
40,000,000(1)
Common stock:
Number outstanding before this offering
11,500,000 shares of Class B common stock(2)(3)
Number outstanding after this offering
50,000,000 shares of common stock, consisting of 40,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock(1)(3)
Warrants:
Number of private placement warrants to be sold in a private placement simultaneously with this offering
7,333,333(1)
Number of warrants to be outstanding after this offering and the private placement
15,333,333(1)
Exercisability
Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade.
Exercise period
The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The private placement warrants purchased by our sponsor will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), as long as our sponsor or any of its related persons beneficially own such private placement warrants. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account.
(1)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the forfeiture by our sponsor of 1,500,000 founder shares.
(2)
Includes up to 1,500,000 shares of Class B common stock that are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised.
(3)
The shares included in the units are shares of Class A common stock. Founder shares are classified as shares of Class B common stock, which shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described below adjacent to the caption “Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution.”
 
13
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
No public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Class A common stock and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement, including in connection with a cashless exercise permitted as a result of a notice of redemption described below under “— Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $10.00”).
Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00
Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the private placement warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
•
upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption; and
•
if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants — Anti-dilution Adjustments”) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (which we refer to as the “Reference Value”).
We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $10.00
Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.10 per warrant:
•
upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares of Class A common stock to be determined by reference to the table set forth under “Description of Securities —
 
14
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants” based on the redemption date and the “fair market value” of our Class A common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described in “Description of Securities — Warrants —  Public Stockholders’ Warrants”; and
•
if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds $10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading “Description of Securities —  Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants — Anti-dilution Adjustments”).
The “fair market value” of our Class A common stock for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the ten trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in other blank check offerings. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the ten trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment).
No fractional shares of Class A common stock will be issued upon redemption. If, upon redemption, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the holder. Please see the section entitled “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants” for additional information.
None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
Founder shares
As of the date of this prospectus, our initial stockholders, including our sponsor, own an aggregate of 11,500,000 founder shares. The number of founder shares was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares of common stock after this offering. As such, our initial stockholders will collectively own 20% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Up to 1,500,000 founder shares will be subject to forfeiture by our initial stockholders (or their permitted transferees) depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised so that our initial stockholders will maintain ownership of 20% of our shares of common stock after this offering.
The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except that:
•
only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination;
•
the founder shares are shares of Class B common stock that automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a
 
15
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein;
•
the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;
•
our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window and (iii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination, subject to any greater or additional vote required by applicable law or any rule or regulation applicable to our securities. Our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need 15,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 40,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised); and
•
the founder shares are entitled to registration rights.
Transfer restrictions on founder shares
Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any founder shares held by them until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, (i) the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (ii) we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (except as described herein under “Principal Stockholders —
 
16
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”). We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up.
Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights
As of the date of this prospectus, we have outstanding 11,500,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in this offering and related to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which the shares of Class B common stock will convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination).
Voting
Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares (our shares of Class B common stock) will have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election or removal of directors during such time. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law or the applicable rules of the NYSE then in effect, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote.
Private placement warrants
Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 7,333,333 private placement warrants (or 8,133,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($11.0 million in the aggregate or $12.2 million in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein.
A portion of the purchase price of the private placement warrants will be added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the trust account such that at the time of closing $400.0 million (or
 
17
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
$460.0 million if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) will be held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement warrants will expire worthless.
So long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will not be redeemable by us and will be exercisable on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. The private placement warrants purchased by our sponsor will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), as long as our sponsor or any of its related persons beneficially own such private placement warrants.
Transfer restrictions on private placement warrants
The private placement warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until the date that is 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described below under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”).
Cashless exercise of private placement warrants
If holders of private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “sponsor fair market value” (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the sponsor fair market value. The “sponsor fair market value” shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if they are in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could sell the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market, the insiders could be significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.
 
18
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Proceeds to be held in trust account
The NYSE rules provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants be deposited in a trust account. Of the proceeds we will receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, $400.0 million, or $10.00 per unit ($460.0 million, or $10.00 per unit, if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee and $11.0 million (or $12.2 million, if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be used to pay the initial underwriting discounts and commissions, to pay expenses in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following this offering. The proceeds to be placed in the trust account include $14.0 million (or $16.1 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions.
Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to make permitted withdrawals, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination (including the release of funds to pay any amounts due to any public stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection therewith), (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, or (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders.
Anticipated expenses and funding sources
Except as described above with respect to the payment of taxes from interest earned on the funds held in the trust account, unless and until we complete our initial business combination, no proceeds held in the trust account will be available for our use, except the withdrawal of interest to make permitted withdrawals. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We will disclose in each quarterly and annual report filed with the SEC prior to our initial business combination whether the proceeds deposited in the trust account are invested in U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds or a combination thereof. We estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $200,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.05% per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, we may pay our expenses only from:
 
19
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
•
the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not held in the trust account, which will be approximately $1.0 million in working capital after the payment of approximately $2.0 million in expenses relating to this offering;
•
any loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates or other third parties, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us, and provided that any such loans will not have any claim on the proceeds held in the trust account unless such proceeds are released to us upon completion of our initial business combination; and
•
permitted withdrawals.
Conditions to completing our initial business combination
There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. The NYSE rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination.
If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses or we are considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion nor will they be able to rely on such opinion.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, including, but not limited to, an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken
 
20
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
into account for purposes of the NYSE’s 80% of net assets test, provided that in the event that the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the transactions together as our initial business combination for seeking stockholder approval or for purposes of a tender offer, as applicable.
Permitted purchases of public shares and public warrants by our affiliates
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See “Proposed Business —  Permitted Purchases of our Securities” for a description of how our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction.
The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A common stock or our public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may
 
21
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
There is no limit on the number of public shares and public warrants that our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may purchase pursuant to the transactions described above.
Redemption rights for public stockholders in connection with our initial business combination
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares in connection with our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights in connection with our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering.
Limitations on redemptions
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). However, a greater net tangible asset or cash requirement may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all our shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all our shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Manner of conducting redemptions
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination
 
22
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval, while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions with a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other legal reasons.
If we hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will:
•
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and
•
file proxy materials with the SEC.
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination, subject to any greater or additional vote required by applicable law or any rule or regulation applicable to us or our securities. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will count towards this quorum and have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need 15,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 40,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all.
 
23
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target business, we will promptly return any certificates delivered, or shares tendered electronically, by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares.
If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will:
•
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and
•
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NYSE listing or Exchange Act registration.
Upon the public announcement of our business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding 15% or more of the shares sold in this offering if we hold stockholder vote
Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do
 
24
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem to no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those stockholders that hold more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering) for or against our business combination.
Redemption rights in connection with proposed amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain charter provisions. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions (other than amendments relating to the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90% of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting) related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who will beneficially own 20% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this
 
25
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
offering), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described above under “Limitations on redemptions.” For example, our board of directors may propose such an amendment if it determines that additional time is necessary to complete our initial business combination. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, such an amendment would need to be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 65% of all then outstanding shares of our common stock. In such event, we will conduct a proxy solicitation and distribute proxy materials pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act seeking stockholder approval of such proposal, and in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon stockholder approval of such amendment. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person.
Release of funds in trust account on completion of our initial business combination
On the completion of our initial business combination, the funds held in the trust account will be used to pay amounts due to any public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights as described above under “Redemption rights for public stockholders in connection with our initial business combination,” to pay the underwriters their deferred underwriting commissions, to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
Redemption of public shares and distribution and liquidation if no initial business
combination
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we will have only the completion window to complete our initial
 
26
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to make permitted withdrawals (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. However, if our initial stockholders or management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted completion window.
The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commissions held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and subsequently liquidate and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
Payments to insiders
There will be no restrictions on payments to insiders. We expect that some or all of the following payments will be made to Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination, other than from any permitted withdrawals:
•
repayment of up to an aggregate of $750,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses;
•
reimbursement for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to us by our sponsor, in an amount equal to $16,667 per month, for up to 27 months;
•
underwriting discounts and commissions paid to Apollo Global Securities, LLC;
 
27
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
•
underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder’s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination;
•
reimbursement of legal fees and expenses incurred by our sponsor, officers or directors in connection with our formation, the initial business combination and their services to us;
•
reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination; and
•
repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination; up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender; the warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period; except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates.
Audit Committee
We will establish and maintain an audit committee, which initially will be composed of a majority of independent directors and, within one year of the date of this offering, will be composed entirely of independent directors to, among other things, monitor compliance with the terms described above and the other terms relating to this offering. If any noncompliance is identified, then the audit committee will be charged with the responsibility to promptly take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise to cause compliance with the terms of this offering. For more information, see the section entitled “Management — Committees of the Board of Directors — Audit Committee.”
Conflicts of Interest
Apollo manages a significant number of Apollo Funds. Apollo and its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. In particular, certain of the Apollo Funds are focused on investments in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for the Apollo Funds. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within Apollo may be suitable for both us and for current or future Apollo Funds and may be directed to such Apollo Funds rather than to us. Neither Apollo nor members of our board of directors and management team who are also employed by Apollo have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of
 
28
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as a director or an officer of the company. Apollo and/or our management, in their capacities as employees of Apollo will be, or in their other endeavors may be, required to present potential business combinations to other entities, before they present such opportunities to us.
In addition, Apollo and its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. In particular, affiliates of Apollo formed, and such affiliates and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, APSG I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in October 2020, and/or APSG II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021. APSG I and APSG II may pursue initial business combination targets in any businesses or industries and have until October 2022 and February 2023, respectively, to do so (which dates may be extended under certain circumstances). In addition, an affiliate of Apollo formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen were previously engaged in, Spartan I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in August 2018 and completed its initial business combination in October 2020. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in November 2020 and, in January 2021, entered into a definitive agreement for its initial business combination. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan III, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021 and has until February 2023 to complete its initial business combination (which date may be extended under certain circumstances). Spartan III intends to focus its search for a target business in the energy value chain in North America. To the extent that the potential target pipeline remains robust, it is more likely Apollo or its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, will sponsor additional blank check companies in the future. Any such companies, including APSG I, APSG II and Spartan III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and the board and management teams. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with investors in the Apollo Funds. Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business
 
29
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Please see the section entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest” for additional information.
Underwriting Conflict of Interest
Because our sponsor, an affiliate of Apollo Global Securities, LLC, an underwriter of this offering, beneficially owns substantially all of our outstanding common stock prior to the consummation of this offering, Apollo Global Securities, LLC is deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the applicable provisions of FINRA Rule 5121. FINRA Rule 5121 prohibits Apollo Global Securities, LLC from making sales to discretionary accounts without the prior written approval of the account holder and requires that a “qualified independent underwriter,” as defined in FINRA Rule 5121, participate in the preparation of the registration statement and exercise its usual standards of due diligence with respect thereto. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC is acting as “qualified independent underwriter” for this offering. Please see “Underwriting (Conflict of Interest)” for more information.
Indemnity
Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective target business with which we have entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn in permitted withdrawals. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
 
30
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Summary Financial Data
The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented.
As of December 31,
2020
Balance Sheet Data:
Working capital deficit
$ (32,900
)
Total assets
$ 82,900
Total liabilities
$ 57,900
Value of common stock subject to possible redemption.
$ —
Total stockholder’s equity
$ 25,000
 
31
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
RISK FACTORS
An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Relating to the Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination
Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, and even if we hold a stockholder vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support that combination.
We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares may participate in the vote on such stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our outstanding public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see the section entitled “Proposed Business —  Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.
Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need 15,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 40,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the option to purchase additional units is not exercised) in order to have such initial business combination approved. We expect that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 20% of our outstanding shares of common stock at the time of any such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders.
Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of such business combination.
At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination.
 
32
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.
We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. In no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. If we are able to complete an initial business combination, the per share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock result in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters is not required to be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination will be unsuccessful and that you will have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.
If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination will be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you will not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate, or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.
 
33
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.
Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.
We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.”
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders or public warrant holders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the NYSE rules. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions.
In the event that our initial stockholders, sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their
 
34
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent the purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See “Proposed Business — Permitted Purchase of Our Securities” for a description of how our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.
We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See “Proposed Business — Business Strategy — Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights.”
You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with our initial business combination (including the release of funds to pay any amounts due to any public stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection therewith), (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, or (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
 
35
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our shares of Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our shares of Class A common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.
We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination, in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target businesses will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors below.
If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that, upon the closing of this offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, including permitted withdrawals and loans or additional investments from our
 
36
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
sponsor, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors below.
If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to make permitted withdrawals and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately $1.0 million will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $2.0 million, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $2.0 million, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If our other sources of working capital are insufficient, we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team or a third party to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain such loans, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business and we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. We could also be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1.5 million of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors below.
Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.
Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues in relation to a particular target business, that it
 
37
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:
•
restrictions on the nature of our investments; and
•
restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination.
In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:
•
registration as an investment company;
•
adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and
•
reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.
We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. This offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the
 
38
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window; or (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination, or may result in our liquidation. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.
Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption
 
39
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.
We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with,
 
40
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.
Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) outbreak.
On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization officially declared the outbreak of the COVID-19 a “pandemic.” A significant outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and could potentially adversely affect the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations.
Although we intend to focus our search for a target business in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors in North America, we may complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry, sector or location. However, we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination with us, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any security holders who choose to remain security holders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value of their securities.
Because we intend to seek a business combination with a target business or businesses in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors in North America, we expect our future operations to be subject to risks associated with this industry.
We intend to focus our search for a business combination target in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors in North America. Accordingly, we may pursue a target business in any sector within the infrastructure space. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business or sector, we
 
41
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
cannot provide specific risks of any business combination. However, risks inherent in investments in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors include, but are not limited to, the following:
•
Significant federal, state and local regulation, taxation and regulatory approval processes as well as changes in applicable laws and regulations, including the ability to procure necessary governmental licenses, concessions, leases or contracts and rules and regulations relating to environmental protection climate change, including potential penalties resulting from the violation of such environmental regulations;
•
Worldwide and regional economic and financial conditions impacting global and regional supply and demand;
•
Price and availability of fuel alternatives;
•
Competitive pressures in the utility industry, primarily in wholesale markets, as a result of consumer demand, technological advances, greater availability of natural gas and other factors;
•
The speculative nature of and high degree of risk involved in investments in the energy value chain;
•
Availability of key inputs, such as strategic consumables, raw materials and necessary equipment;
•
Fluctuations in real estate availability and value;
•
The inherent risks associated with real estate ownership, including the potential for litigation, depreciation, title disputes and real estate regulations;
•
Available transportation, storage and other transportation capacity;
•
Changes in global supply and demand and prices for commodities;
•
Impact of energy conservation efforts;
•
Technological advances affecting energy production and consumption;
•
Overall domestic and global economic conditions;
•
Availability of, and potential disputes with, contractors and subcontractors;
•
Risks of eminent domain and governmental takings;
•
Inflation risk;
•
Loss of customers;
•
Construction and other capital expenditures;
•
Natural disasters, terrorist acts and similar dislocations; and
•
Value of U.S. dollar relative to the currencies of other countries.
We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors outside of the infrastructure space (which industries may or may not be outside of our management’s areas of expertise).
Although we intend to focus our search for a business combination target in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors, we may consider a business combination outside of the infrastructure space if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in the infrastructure space after having expended a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the infrastructure space, our management’s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding the infrastructure space would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. Accordingly, any security holders who choose to remain security holders following
 
42
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.
We may seek business combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel.
To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues, cash flows or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.
As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.
In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination.
In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.
 
43
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of completion of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 800,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 199,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 undesignated shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering, there will be 760,000,000 and 189,000,000 (assuming, in each case, that the underwriters have not exercised their over-allotment option) authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants, or shares issuable upon conversion of shares of Class B common stock. Our shares of Class B common stock are automatically convertible into shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combinations. Immediately after the consummation of this offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of completion of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock:
•
may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering;
•
may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded to our common stock;
•
could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and
•
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants.
We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm. However, our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion.
 
44
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.
We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.
Our current officers may not remain in their positions following our business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
Of the net proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, up to $401.0 million (or up to $461.0 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be available to complete our business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which includes $14.0 million, or $16.1 million if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, for payment of deferred
 
45
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
underwriting commissions). Of the up to $401.0 million (or up to $461.0 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), $1.0 million will be held outside the trust account for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses.
We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results, and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
•
solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or
•
dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination.
We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under
 
46
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.
We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (such that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors to approve our initial business combination, which may have the effect of delaying or preventing a business combination that our public stockholders would consider favorable.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors and each of the non-independent directors nominated by our sponsor, to approve our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is unlikely that we will be able to enter into an initial business combination unless our sponsor’s board members find the target and the business combination attractive. This may make it more difficult for us to approve and enter into an initial business combination than other blank check companies and could result in us not pursuing an acquisition target or other board or corporate action that our public stockholders would find favorable.
In order to effectuate our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that some of our stockholders or warrant holders may not support.
In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charter and bylaws and modified governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and changed industry focus. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws or governing instruments in order to effectuate our initial business combination.
 
47
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support.
Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its charter provisions, including those which relate to a company’s pre-business combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company’s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90% and 100% of the company’s public shares. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions (other than amendments relating to the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90% of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting) related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders, as described herein), may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Our sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described under “Proposed Business — Limitations on Redemptions.” These agreements are contained in a letter agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.
We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.
Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares
 
48
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our business combination.
The securities in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income not released to us, net of taxes payable. Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received by public stockholders. In addition, we are allowed to remove permitted withdrawals to pay our taxes; this means that even with a positive interest rate, most or all of the interest income may be withdrawn by us and not be available to fund our business combination or to be returned to investors upon a redemption.
Risks Relating to Conflicts and Our Management Team
Certain members of our management and board will be required to present opportunities to Apollo prior to us, and we may not receive any opportunity to acquire a target business that would be attractive to us.
Certain members of our management team and directors, including those who are affiliated with APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or Apollo, have fiduciary duties or are subject to contractual obligations or policies and procedures that require them to present business opportunities that may be appropriate for one or more entities, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or other Apollo Funds, to the respective investment committees of such entities or funds prior to presenting such opportunities to us regardless of the capacity in which they are made aware of such opportunities. As a result, we may not receive any opportunity to acquire a target business that would be attractive to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity, about which any member of our management team or director acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. We cannot guarantee that any opportunity that would be suitable for us will not be pursued by another entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II, another Apollo Fund or Apollo, or that any opportunity that is passed upon by such other entity will be referred to us in a timely manner or at all.
 
49
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Apollo may choose not to refer certain opportunities to us due to reputational interests, financial interests, confidentiality concerns, legal, regulatory, tax and any other interests or considerations relevant to Apollo, its clients and their respective portfolio companies.
Apollo, together with its clients, engages in a broad range of business activities and invests in a broad range of businesses and assets. Apollo takes into account interests of its affiliates, clients and each of their respective portfolio companies (including reputational interests, financial interests, confidentiality concerns, legal, regulatory, tax and any other interests or considerations that arise from time to time) when determining whether to pursue (or how to structure) a potential transaction or investment opportunity. As a result, it is possible that Apollo may choose not to refer a business opportunity to us or that members of our management or directors who are affiliated with Apollo may choose not to pursue an opportunity notwithstanding that such opportunity would be attractive to us due to the reputational, financial, confidentiality, legal, regulatory, tax and/or other interests or considerations of Apollo and its affiliates (including Apollo’s Managing Partners).
We are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.
Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers or their removal could have a detrimental effect on us.
Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
Our ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the
 
50
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel’s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business.
Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. These conflicts of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, all of our officers and certain of our directors are also employed by Apollo, which is an investment manager to various private investment funds, partnerships and accounts which may make investments in companies that we may target for our initial business combination. Our Chief Executive Officer also serves in that role for Spartan II and Spartan III, and also has fiduciary and contractual duties to ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I and AIOF II. Our Chief Financial Officer also serves in that role for APSG I, APSG II, Spartan II and Spartan III. Our Chairman has fiduciary and contractual duties to AIOF I and AIOF II. Mr. Strong and Mr. Foo are each “key persons” to certain Apollo Funds, owe fiduciary duties to such funds, and are obligated to dedicate a certain amount of time to such funds. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs, please see “Management — Officers, Directors and Director Nominees.”
Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. In addition, we may be precluded from opportunities because they are being pursued by Apollo or Apollo Funds and they may outperform any business we acquire.
Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. In particular, affiliates of Apollo formed, and such affiliates and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, APSG I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in October 2020, and/or APSG II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021. APSG I and APSG II may pursue initial business combination targets in any businesses or industries and have until October 2022 and February 2023, respectively, to do so (which dates may be extended under certain circumstances). In addition, an affiliate of Apollo formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen were previously engaged in, Spartan I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in August 2018 and completed its initial business combination in October 2020. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in November 2020 and, in January 2021, entered into a definitive agreement for its initial business combination. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan III, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021 and has until February 2023 to complete its initial business combination (which date may be extended under certain circumstances). Spartan III intends to focus its search for a target business in the energy value chain in North America. Each of our officers and directors owes fiduciary duties to these entities in which they serve as an officer or director. Any such companies, including APSG I,
 
51
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
APSG II and Spartan III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and the board and management teams.
Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. To the extent a potential business opportunity may be appropriate for one or more Apollo Funds, such business opportunity will be presented to such other entities prior to presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.
In addition, Apollo manages a significant number of Apollo Funds which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and if pursued by them we may be precluded from such opportunities. In particular, certain of the Apollo Funds are focused on investments in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for the Apollo Funds. Investment ideas generated within Apollo and investment opportunities of which Apollo becomes aware may be suitable for both us and for Apollo and/or current or future Apollo Funds.
Such investment ideas and opportunities will be presented by Apollo to such Apollo Funds prior to presentation to us; as a result we may be precluded from such opportunities. Such opportunities may outperform any businesses we acquire. Neither Apollo nor members of our board of directors and management team who are also employed by Apollo have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as a director or an officer of our company.
For a complete discussion of our officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see “Management — Officers, Directors and Director Nominees,” “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.
We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more affiliates of Apollo, one or more Apollo Funds and/or one or more investors in the Apollo Funds. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.
In addition, Apollo and its affiliates and certain of the Apollo Funds engage in the business of originating, underwriting, syndicating, acquiring and trading loans and debt securities of corporate and other borrowers, and may provide or participate in any debt financing arrangement in connection with any acquisition, financing or disposition of any target business that we may make. If Apollo or any of its affiliates or the Apollo Funds provides or participates in any such debt financing arrangement it may present a conflict of interest and will have to be approved under our related person transaction policy or by our independent directors.
 
52
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers.
We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed, and any persons who may become officers or directors prior to the initial business combination will agree, to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs and expenses incurred by our directors and officers and settlement amounts and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” They may also have investments in target businesses. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in “Proposed Business — Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination” and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our obligation to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.
Moreover, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with one or more affiliates of Apollo, one or more Apollo Funds and/or one or more investors in the Apollo Funds. Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the business combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.
Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after this offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
As of the date of this prospectus, our initial stockholders, including our sponsor, own an aggregate of 11,500,000 founder shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the total size of this offering would be a maximum of 46,000,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares of common stock after this offering. Our initial stockholders will forfeit up to 1,500,000 founder shares depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised. The founder
 
53
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
shares will be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 7,333,333 (or 8,133,333 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $11.0 million (or $12.2 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $1.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except that they are shares of Class B common stock that automatically convert into our shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein, and subject to certain other exceptions described herein. However, the holders have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following our initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the end of the completion window nears.
Risks Relating to Our Securities
The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
We intend to apply to have our units listed on the NYSE on or promptly after the date of this prospectus and our Class A common stock and warrants listed on or promptly after their date of separation. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NYSE listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 round lot holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE’s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share, our aggregate market value would be required to be at least $100,000,000, and the market value of our publicly held shares would be required to be at least $80,000,000. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.
If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
•
a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
•
reduced liquidity for our securities;
•
a determination that our Class A common stock is “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;
•
a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and
•
a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate
 
54
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the state of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
Since the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful completion of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if this offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us upon the completion of our initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see “Proposed Business  —  Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.”
Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.
If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors.
In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus, we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, (a) as holders of our Class A common stock, our public stockholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of our directors and (b) only holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock may remove a member of our board of directors for any reason.
We are not registering shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.
We are not registering shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement,
 
55
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
we have agreed to use our best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of shares of Class A common stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment), as further described under the heading “Description of Securities — Warrants.” However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws, and there is no applicable exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Class A common stock.
Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A common stock into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. Assuming the founder shares convert on a one for one basis and no warrants are issued upon conversion of working capital loans, an aggregate of up to 10,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and up to 7,333,333 warrants (or up to 11,500,000 shares of Class A common stock and up to 8,133,333 warrants if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) are subject to registration under these agreements. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants, holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.
 
56
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue shares to consummate our initial business combination.
The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in this offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which founder shares will convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the sum of our shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering plus the number of shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination.
We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following this offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
•
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
•
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
•
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
•
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
•
our inability to pay dividends on our shares of common stock;
•
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our shares of common stock if declared, to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate purposes;
•
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
•
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
•
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and
•
other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
In addition, Apollo and its affiliates and certain of the Apollo Funds engage in the business of originating, underwriting, syndicating, acquiring and trading loans and debt securities of corporate and other borrowers, and may provide or participate in any debt financing arrangement in connection with any acquisition, financing or disposition of any target business that we may make. If Apollo or any of its affiliates
 
57
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
or the Apollo Funds provides or participates in any such debt financing arrangement it may present a conflict of interest and will have to be approved under our related person transaction policy or by our independent directors.
The exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in some other blank check company offerings, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire worthless.
The exercise price of the public warrants is higher than in some other blank check companies. For example, historically, the exercise price of a warrant was often a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is $11.50 per share, subject to adjustments as provided herein. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless.
Our initial stockholders will control the election and removal of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will elect all of our directors and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
Upon the closing of this offering, our initial stockholders will own 20% of our issued and outstanding common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). In addition, the founder shares, all of which are held by our initial stockholders, will entitle the holders to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the election or removal of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90% of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the election or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination.
Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company, our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will exert significant influence over actions requiring a stockholder vote at least until the completion of our initial business combination.
Our sponsor paid a nominal price for the founder shares, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our shares of Class A common stock.
The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the Class A common stock and none to the warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon the closing of this offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, you and the other public stockholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 95.8% (or $9.58 per share, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering of $0.42 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per unit. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of completion of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public stockholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A common stock. Moreover, although we are of the view that our sponsor, directors and officers paid fair value for the founder shares, there is no
 
58
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
assurance that a taxing authority would agree with us, and if a taxing authority were to successfully assert otherwise, we may be subject to material withholding and other tax liabilities that could adversely affect our financial condition.
We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.
Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of our shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.
Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.
Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, a “foreign action” in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions, and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such action brought in such court to enforce the forum provisions by service upon such warrant holder’s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.
This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.
We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.
We have the ability to redeem issued and outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals
 
59
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for changes to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants — Anti-dilution Adjustments”). Please see “Description of Securities —  Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants — Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00.” If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the issued and outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the issued and outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds $10.00 per share (as adjusted for changes to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading “Description of Securities —  Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants — Anti-dilution Adjustments”). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Please see “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants — Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $10.00.” The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of shares received is capped at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.
Our management’s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of Class A common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash.
If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsor, officers, directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of Class A common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company.
Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination.
We will be issuing warrants to purchase 10,000,000 shares of Class A common stock (or up to 11,500,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) as part of the units offered by this prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of this offering, we will be issuing in a private placement an aggregate of 7,333,333 (or up to 8,133,333 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and subject to further adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,333,333 private placement warrants, at the price of $1.50 per warrant. To the extent we issue Class A common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive
 
60
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.
Because each unit contains one-fifth of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.
Each unit contains one-fifth of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole warrants will trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fifth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share.
The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company.
Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with representative of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the units, including the Class A common stock and warrants underlying the units, include:
•
the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
•
prior offerings of those companies;
•
our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
•
a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions;
•
our capital structure;
•
an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
•
general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and
•
other factors as were deemed relevant.
Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results.
There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
There is currently no market for our securities. Stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.
 
61
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing our initial business combination.
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome for us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board, three-year director terms and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, agent to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or
 
62
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
(d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks jurisdiction over such action or proceeding, then another court of the State of Delaware or, if no court of the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, then the United States District Court for the District of Delaware). Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Although we believe this forum provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Further, if any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of Delaware (a “foreign action”) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in such court to enforce the forum provisions (an “enforcement action”), and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder’s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not purport to require suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act to be brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or another court of the State of Delaware. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
General Risk Factors
We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
We are a blank check company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination with us and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
Past performance by Apollo, Apollo Funds, our management team, APSG I, APSG II, Spartan I, Spartan II or Spartan III is not indicative of future performance of an investment in the company.
Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, Apollo, Apollo Funds, our management team, APSG I, APSG II, Spartan I, Spartan II or Spartan III is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by Apollo, Apollo Funds, our management team, APSG I, APSG II, Spartan I, Spartan II or Spartan III is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of Apollo, Apollo Funds, our management team, APSG I, APSG II, Spartan I, Spartan II or Spartan III’s performance as indicative of our future performance or of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward.
Our initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain.
Although we will attempt to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we
 
63
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to any requisite stockholder approval, we may structure our business combination in a manner that requires stockholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes, effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares received. In addition, stockholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination.
In addition, we may effect a business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition.
An investment in this offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences.
An investment in this offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in this offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A common stock and the one-fifth of a warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. In addition, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we are issuing in this offering are unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares of Class A common stock suspend the running of a U.S. holder’s (as defined in section titled “Material United States Federal Income Tax Consideration — Considerations for U.S. Holders”) holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A common stock is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See the section titled “Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations” for a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when acquiring, owning or disposing of our securities.
We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.
We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our
 
64
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.
We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.
We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.
Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.
Risks Relating to Foreign Activity
Although we intend to focus our search for a business combination target in North America, we may ultimately decide to pursue a business combination in a different geographic location. If we pursue a target business with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such an initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.
If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations,
 
65
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:
•
higher costs and difficulties inherent in executing cross-border transactions, managing cross-border business operations, and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets;
•
rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;
•
laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;
•
exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;
•
tariffs and trade barriers;
•
regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
•
local or regional economic policies and market conditions;
•
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;
•
longer payment cycles;
•
tax issues, including limits on our ability to change our tax residence from the United States, complex withholding or other tax regimes which may apply in connection with our business combination or to our structure following our business combination, variations in tax laws as compared to the United States, and potential changes in the applicable tax laws in the United States and/or relevant non-U.S. jurisdictions;
•
currency fluctuations and exchange controls;
•
rates of inflation;
•
challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
•
cultural and language differences;
•
employment regulations;
•
underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;
•
corruption;
•
protection of intellectual property;
•
social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;
•
regime changes and political upheaval;
•
terrorist attacks and wars; and
•
deterioration of political relations with the United States.
We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.
Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business
 
66
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.
After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects may be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.
The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.
Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.
In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in non-U.S. regions fluctuates and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.
 
67
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements in this prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about:
•
our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;
•
our ability to complete our initial business combination;
•
our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;
•
our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers or directors following our initial business combination;
•
our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;
•
our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
•
our pool of prospective target businesses;
•
the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;
•
our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
•
the lack of a market for our securities;
•
the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;
•
the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or
•
our financial performance following this offering.
The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
 
68
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
USE OF PROCEEDS
We are offering 40,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private placement warrants will be used as set forth in the following table.
Without Over-
Allotment Option
Over-Allotment
Option Fully
Exercised
Gross proceeds:
Gross proceeds from units offered to public(1)
$ 400,000,000 $ 460,000,000
Gross proceeds from private placement warrants offered in the private placement
11,000,000 12,200,000
Total gross proceeds
$ 411,000,000 $ 472,200,000
Offering expenses(2):
Underwriting discounts and commissions (2.0% of gross proceeds from units offered to public, excluding deferred portion)﻿(3)
$ 8,000,000 $ 9,200,000
Legal fees and expenses
500,000 500,000
Printing and engraving expenses
35,000 35,000
Accounting fees and expenses
40,000 40,000
SEC/FINRA Expenses
119,686 119,686
Travel and road show
5,000 5,000
NYSE listing and filing fees
85,000 85,000
Director and Officer liability insurance premiums
1,000,000 1,000,000
Miscellaneous
215,314 215,314
Total offering expenses (excluding underwriting discounts and commissions)
$ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000
Proceeds after offering expenses
$ 401,000,000 $ 461,000,000
Held in trust account(3)
$ 400,000,000 $ 460,000,000
% of public offering size
100
%
100
%
Not held in trust account
$ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000
The following table shows the use of the approximately $1,000,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account.(4)
Amount
% of Total
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses in connection with any
business combination﻿(5)
225,000 22.5
%
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations
175,000 17.5
%
Payment for office space, administrative and support services
200,000 20.0
%
Reserve for liquidation expenses
100,000 10.0
%
NYSE continued listing fees
85,000 8.5
%
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses (including taxes net of anticipated interest income)
215,000 21.5
%
Total
$ 1,000,000 100.0
%
(1)
Includes amounts payable to public stockholders who properly redeem their shares in connection with our successful completion of our initial business combination.
(2)
A portion of the offering expenses may be paid from the proceeds of loans from our sponsor of up to
 
69
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
$750,000 as described in this prospectus. These loans will be repaid upon completion of this offering out of the $2,000,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting discounts and commissions) and amounts not to be held in the trust account. In the event that offering expenses are less than set forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing working capital expenses. In the event that the offering expenses are more than as set forth in this table, we may fund such excess with funds not held in the trust account.
(3)
The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting discounts and commissions equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. Upon completion of our initial business combination, $14,000,000, which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred underwriting commissions (or $16,100,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust account, and the remaining funds, less amounts released to the trustee to pay redeeming stockholders, will be released to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of the business or businesses with which our initial business combination occurs or for general corporate purposes, including payment of principal or interest on indebtedness incurred in connection with our initial business combination, to fund the purchases of other companies or for working capital. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting commissions.
(4)
These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our business combination based upon the level of complexity of such business combination. In the event we identify a business combination target in a specific industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. The amount in the table above does not include interest available to us from the trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $200,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.05% per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount.
(5)
Includes estimated amounts that may also be used in connection with our business combination to fund a “no shop” provision and commitment fees for financing.
The NYSE rules provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the private placement be deposited in a trust account. Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, $400.0 million (or $460.0 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), including $14.0 million (or $16.1 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions, will be deposited into a U.S. based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and $11.0 million (or $12.2 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be used to pay expenses in connection with the closing of this offering, including underwriting discounts and commissions, and for working capital following this offering. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate that the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $200,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.05% per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to make permitted withdrawals, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of (a) the completion of our initial business combination (including the release of funds to pay any amounts due to any public stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection therewith), (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or
 
70
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the completion window or (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law. Based on current interest rates, we expect that interest earned on the trust account will be sufficient to pay our taxes.
The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
We believe that amounts not held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of a business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek additional capital, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates, but such persons are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.
We will reimburse our sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to members of our management team, in an amount equal to $16,667 per month, for up to 27 months. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
Prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor has agreed to loan the company up to $750,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans bear interest at a rate of 0.12% per annum and are unsecured and are due at the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering as part of the estimated $2,000,000 of offering expenses.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we will repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
 
71
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
DIVIDEND POLICY
We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any other stock dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of this offering, in which case we will effect a stock dividend or other appropriate mechanism immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in an amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders prior to this offering at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
 
72
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
DILUTION
The difference between the public offering price per share of Class A common stock, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are offering pursuant to this prospectus or the private placement warrants, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of Class A common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private placement warrants, which would cause the actual dilution to the public stockholders to be higher, particularly where a cashless exercise is utilized. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of Class A common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock.
At December 31, 2020, our net tangible book value was a deficit of $32,900, or approximately $0.00 per share of Class B common stock. After giving effect to the sale of 40,000,000 shares of Class A common stock included in the units we are offering by this prospectus (or 46,000,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), the sale of the private placement warrants and the deduction of underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at December 31, 2020 would have been $5,000,010, or approximately $9.58 per share (or $5,000,010, or $9.63 per share if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of the 38,202,499 shares of Class A common stock that may be redeemed for cash, or 43,992,499 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of $9.58 per share (or $9.63 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) to our initial stockholders as of the date of this prospectus and an immediate dilution to public stockholders from this offering of $10.00 per share. Total dilution to public stockholders from this offering will be $9.58 per share (or $9.63 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full).
The following table illustrates the dilution to the public stockholders on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units or the private placement warrants:
No exercise of
over-allotment
option
Exercise of
over-allotment
option in full
Public offering price
$ 10.00 $ 10.00
Net tangible book value before this offering
0.00 0.00
Increase attributable to public stockholders
9.58 9.63
Decrease attributable to public shares subject to redemption
(10.00
)
(10.00
)
Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering and the sale of the private
placement warrants
$ 0.42 $ 0.37
Dilution to public stockholders and sale of the private placement warrants
$ 9.58 $ 9.63
For purposes of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) by $382,024,990 because holders of up to approximately 95.5% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account as set forth in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two days prior to the commencement of our stockholders’ meeting or tender offer, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering.
 
73
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial stockholders and the public stockholders:
Shares Purchased
Total Consideration
Average
Number
Percentage
Amount
Percentage
Price Per Share
Initial Stockholders(1)
10,000,000 20.0
%
$ — —
%
$ 0.000
Public Stockholders
40,000,000 80.0
%
400,000,000 100.0
%
$ 10.000
50,000,000 100.0
%
$ 400,000,000 100.0
%
(1)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders.
The pro forma net tangible book value per share after the offering (assuming that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option) is calculated as follows:
Numerator:
Net tangible book value (deficit) before this offering
$ (32,900
)
Proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, net of expenses﻿(1)
401,000,000
Offering costs excluded from net tangible book value before this offering
57,900
Less: deferred underwriters’ commissions payable
(14,000,000
)
Less: amount of shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001﻿(2)
(382,024,990
)
$ 5,000,010
Denominator:
Shares of Class B common stock outstanding prior to this offering
11,500,000
Shares forfeited if over-allotment is not exercised
(1,500,000
)
Shares of Class A common stock included in the units offered
40,000,000
Shares of Class A common stock included in placement units offered
—
Less: shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001
(38,202,499
)
11,797,501
(1)
Expenses applied against gross proceeds include offering expenses of $2,000,000 and underwriting discounts and commissions of $8,000,000 (excluding deferred underwriting commissions). See “Use of Proceeds.”
(2)
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. In the event of any such purchases of our shares prior to the completion of our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption will be reduced by the amount of any such purchases, increasing the pro forma net tangible book value per share. See “Proposed Business — Permitted Purchases of our Securities.”
 
74
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
CAPITALIZATION
The following table sets forth our capitalization at December 31, 2020, and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of our units in this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities, assuming no exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option:
December 31 , 2020
Actual
As Adjusted(1)
Deferred underwriting discounts and commissions
$ — $ 14,000,000
Class A common stock, subject to redemption, $0.0001 par value per share, 0 and 38,202,499 shares subject to possible redemption at $10.00 per share, actual and adjusted, respectively﻿(2)
— 382,024,990
Stockholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding, actual and as adjusted
— —
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 800,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding (actual); 800,000,000 shares authorized; 1,797,501 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 38,202,499 shares subject to redemption) (as adjusted)
— 180
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, 199,000,000 shares authorized; 11,500,000 shares issued and outstanding (actual); 199,000,000 shares authorized; 10,000,000 issued and outstanding (as adjusted)﻿(3)
1,150 1,000
Additional paid-in capital
24,315 4,999,295
Accumulated deficit
(465
)
(465
)
Total stockholders’ equity
$ 25,000 $ 5,000,010
Total capitalization
$ 25,000 $ 401,025,000
(1)
Our sponsor has agreed to loan the company up to $750,000 under an unsecured promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the repayment of any loans made under this note out of the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants.
(2)
In connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein whereby redemptions cannot cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.
(3)
Actual share amount is prior to any forfeiture of founder shares by our sponsor and as adjusted amount assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
 
75
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview
We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. We intend to focus our search for a business combination target in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors in North America. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of the foregoing.
The issuance of additional shares of common stock in connection with a business combination to the owners of the target or other investors:
•
may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock;
•
may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;
•
could cause a change in control if a substantial number of share of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
•
may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
•
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of Class A common stock and/or warrants.
Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in:
•
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
•
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
•
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
•
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
•
our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;
•
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate purposes;
•
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
•
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
 
76
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
•
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and
•
other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2020, we had $0 in cash. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful.
Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events
We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as we conduct due diligence on prospective business combination candidates. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to completion of this offering through capital contributions from related parties of $465. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $2.0 million and underwriting discounts and commissions of $8.0 million ($9.2 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of $14.0 million (or $16.1 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full)), and (ii) the sale of the private placement warrants for a purchase price of $11.0 million (or approximately $12.2 million if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be $401.8 million (or $461.0 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Of this amount, $400.0 million (or $460.0 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account, which includes $14.0 million (or $16.1 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We will disclose in each quarterly and annual report filed with the SEC prior to our initial business combination whether the proceeds deposited in the trust account are invested in U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds or a combination thereof. The remaining approximately $1.0 million will not be held in the trust account. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $2.0 million, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $2.0 million, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to make permitted withdrawals. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.
After the closing of this offering, we will have available to us the approximately $1.0 million of proceeds held outside the trust account. We will use these funds primarily to identify and evaluate target
 
77
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination and pay cash compensation to our independent directors.
In addition, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors may, but none of them is obligated to, loan us funds as may be required to fund our working capital requirements. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately $225,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses in connection with any business combinations; $175,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; $85,000 for the NYSE continued listing fees; $200,000 for office space, administrative and support services; $100,000 as a reserve for liquidation expenses; and approximately $215,000 for working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses (including taxes net of anticipated interest income).
These amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing to complete our business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account.
 
78
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Controls and Procedures
We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement.
Prior to the closing of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor has our independent registered public accounting firm tested our systems, of our internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
•
staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
•
reconciliation of accounts;
•
proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
•
evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
•
documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
•
documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expenses in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404. The independent registered public accounting firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
The net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
Related Party Transactions
As of the date of this prospectus, our initial stockholders, including our sponsor own 11,500,000 founder shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of this offering. In February 2021, we completed a stock reclassification of our Class B common stock and, as a result 11,500,000 shares of our Class B common stock were outstanding.
 
79
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of $16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to Apollo, our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
Prior to the consummation of this offering, our sponsor has agreed to loan the company up to $750,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans bear interest at a rate of 0.12% per annum and are unsecured and are due at the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering as part of the estimated $2,000,000 of offering expenses. In addition, an affiliate of the Sponsor paid certain administrative expenses and offering costs totaling $465 on behalf of the company which were treated as capital contributions.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
Our sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 7,333,333 private placement warrants (or 8,133,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($11.0 million in the aggregate, or $12.2 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each whole private placement warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. The private placement warrants purchased by our sponsor will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), as long as our sponsor or any of its related persons beneficially own such private placement warrants. Our sponsor will be permitted to transfer the private placement warrants held by it to certain permitted transferees, including our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to it, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities as the sponsor. Otherwise, these warrants will not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our business combination. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. The private placement warrants may also be exercised by the sponsor and its permitted transferees for cash or on a cashless basis. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.
Pursuant to a registration rights agreement we will enter into with our initial stockholders on or prior to the closing of this offering, we may be required to register certain securities for sale under the Securities Act. These holders and holders of warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to one demand that we register certain of our securities held by them for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered
 
80
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions, as described herein. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
As of December 31, 2020, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have not conducted any operations to date.
JOBS Act
The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.
Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company”, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent registered public accounting firm’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of this offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
 
81
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
PROPOSED BUSINESS
Overview
Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. We intend to focus our search for a business combination target in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors in North America.
Our sponsor is an affiliate of Apollo. Founded in 1990, Apollo is a leading global alternative investment manager with approximately $455 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2020. Apollo operates its three primary business segments, private equity, credit and real assets, in a fully integrated manner with no information barriers. This integrated model provides Apollo investment professionals with differentiated industry and market insights, as each investment business line draws upon the intellectual capital and experience from others, which Apollo believes is a significant competitive advantage and is distinct from other alternative investment managers.
Since 1990, across the integrated platform, Apollo-managed funds have invested more than $20 billion in infrastructure-related investments, including approximately $9 billion in equity strategies which in aggregate have returned a 25% gross IRR.5
Apollo’s private equity segment (approximately $81 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2020) manages funds that focus on corporate private equity and provide capital solutions across industries and geographies. Apollo’s flagship private equity funds pursue a value-oriented, contrarian approach, investing across the capital structure with a focus on three primary pathways to capture value: opportunistic buyouts, corporate carve-outs and distressed-for-control investments. Since inception, Apollo’s flagship private equity funds have invested more than $64 billion of fund capital across over 170 portfolio companies, representing more than $260 billion of enterprise value in the aggregate. Apollo’s flagship private equity funds have consistently produced attractive returns, having generated a gross IRR of 39% (24% net IRR).6
5
Represents aggregate returns on $9 billion in infrastructure-related equity strategies investments across Apollo-managed funds since inception in 1990 through December 31, 2020. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Gross IRR represents the cumulative investment-related cash flows (i) for a given investment for the fund or funds which made such investment, and (ii) for a given fund, in the relevant fund itself (and not any one investor in the fund), in each case, on the basis of the actual timing of investment inflows and outflows (for unrealized investments assuming disposition on December 31, 2020 or other date specified) aggregated on a gross basis quarterly, and the return is annualized and compounded before management fees, performance fees and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns on the funds’ investments as a whole without regard to whether all of the returns would, if distributed, be payable to the funds’ investors. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor.
6
Represents returns of traditional Apollo private equity funds since inception in 1990 through December 31, 2020. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Gross IRR represents the cumulative investment-related cash flows (i) for a given investment for the fund or funds which made such investment, and (ii) for a given fund, in the relevant fund itself (and not any one investor in the fund), in each case, on the basis of the actual timing of investment inflows and outflows (for unrealized investments assuming disposition on December 31, 2020 or other date specified) aggregated on a gross basis quarterly, and the return is annualized and compounded before management fees, performance
 
82
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Apollo’s credit segment (approximately $329 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2020) is debt-focused and primarily deploys capital across corporate credit and structured credit in non-control scenarios; it also directly lends and originates loans on a global basis in large, established corporations.
Apollo’s real assets segment (approximately $46 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2020) primarily invests in assets across hospitality, office, industrial, retail, healthcare, residential and non-performing loans in the United States, Europe and Asia.
Apollo is led by its Managing Partners, Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan, who have worked together for over 34 years and who remain involved in Apollo’s strategic leadership, as well as Scott Kleinman and Jim Zelter, Co-Presidents of Apollo Global Management, Inc. who share oversight for all of Apollo’s revenue-generating and investing businesses. Together they lead a team of over 1,700 employees across offices in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, Houston, Bethesda, London, Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg, Mumbai, Delhi, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Tokyo, among other locations throughout the world. (as of December 31, 2020).
Apollo has a long history of extending its platform outside of its existing investment funds to diversify into areas with meaningful synergy with its core businesses. Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. further broadens Apollo’s investment mandate, allowing the platform to pursue new opportunities in the modern infrastructure landscape for targets that we believe are ready to be public companies. As an extension of Apollo’s integrated platform, Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. will benefit from Apollo’s diverse investment experience. We believe the association with the Apollo platform will enable Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. to (i) source a greater number and a more differentiated set of business combination opportunities, (ii) utilize Apollo’s pre-existing executive relationships and institutional knowledge in due diligence, (iii) more successfully implement value creation strategies and initiatives to accelerate growth following a business combination, and (iv) better optimize our capital structure and more easily raise any required incremental capital to support any potential go-forward needs following a business combination.
Apollo and its affiliates are experienced sponsors of special purpose acquisition companies with a track record of success. We believe there are several recent examples of this, including Spartan I, Spartan II and Spartan III. Spartan I successfully closed a business combination with Fisker Inc. in October 2020, and Spartan II announced a business combination with Sunlight Financial LLC in January 2021. Spartan III completed its initial public offering in February 2021 and has until February 2023 to complete its initial business combination (which date may be extended under certain circumstances). Furthermore, in October 2020, APSG I, a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of Apollo, completed its initial public offering. APSG I has not yet announced a business combination but has encountered a high level of engagement with a significant number of potential targets. In February 2021, APSG II, a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of Apollo, completed its initial public offering. APSG II has not yet announced a business combination. We believe Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition
fees and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns on the fund’s investments as a whole without regard to whether all of the returns would, if distributed, be payable to the fund’s investors. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Net IRR means the Gross IRR applicable to a fund, including returns for related parties which may not pay fees or performance fees, net of management fees, certain expenses (including interest incurred or earned by the fund itself) and realized performance fees all offset to the extent of interest income, and measures returns at the fund level on amounts that, if distributed, would be paid to investors of the fund. The timing of cash flows applicable to investments, management fees and certain expenses, may be adjusted for the usage of a fund’s subscription facility. To the extent that a fund exceeds all requirements detailed within the applicable fund agreement, the estimated unrealized value is adjusted such that a percentage of up to 20.0% of the unrealized gain is allocated to the general partner of such fund, thereby reducing the balance attributable to fund investors. In addition, net IRR at the fund level will differ from that at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Net IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor.
 
83
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Corp. will similarly benefit from the unique and valuable experience of the Apollo platform7, as well as the experience of our management team.
With respect to the foregoing examples, past performance of Apollo, the Apollo Funds, Spartan I, Spartan II, Spartan III, APSG I and APSG II is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of Apollo’s, the Apollo Funds’ or our management’s performance as indicative of our future performance. An investment in us is not an investment in the Apollo Funds.
Geoffrey Strong serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Strong joined Apollo in 2012 and is currently a Senior Partner and Co-Lead of the Firm’s Global Infrastructure and Natural Resources groups. Previously, he worked in the Private Equity and Infrastructure groups at Blackstone, focusing primarily on investments in the energy sector, and prior to that, as a vice president at Morgan Stanley Capital Partners. Mr. Strong serves or has served on the board of directors of various Apollo portfolio companies or affiliates, including: Apex Energy, LLC; AIE Arlington, LLC; AIE Caledonia Holdings, LLC; Caelus Energy Alaska, LLC; Chisholm Oil and Gas, LLC; CPV Fairview LLC; DoublePoint Energy, LLC; Double Eagle Energy Holdings, LLC; Double Eagle Energy Holdings II, LLC; Double Eagle Energy Holdings III, LLC; Freestone Midstream Holdings, LLC; Great Bay Renewables Holdings, LLC; Momentum Minerals, LLC; Momentum Minerals II, LLC; Northwoods Energy LLC; Pipeline Funding Company, LLC; Roundtable Energy Holdings, LLC; Spartan I; Spartan II; Tumbleweed Royalty, LLC; Tumbleweed Royalty II, LLC; US Wind Inc. and Vistra Energy Corp. He also currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Spartan III, as well as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Spartan II.
Dylan Foo serves as our Chairman. Mr. Foo is a Senior Partner at Apollo and Co-Lead of the Firm’s Global Infrastructure platform, which has historically deployed over $20 billion in infrastructure-related investments. Mr. Foo has 20 years industry experience investing in Asia, UK, Europe and North America, with a particular focus on mid-market assets in transportation, telecommunications and social infrastructure. Mr. Foo currently serves on the board of directors of Thor Parent Holdings, LLC (parent of Parallel Infrastructure). Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Foo spent over 13 years at AMP Capital, where he served as Partner & Global Head of Direct Investments. Mr. Foo was a member of the Global Infrastructure Investment Committee, overseeing all investing activities. Mr. Foo has previously served on the board of directors of Angel Trains (UK), Everstream, Millennium Parking Garages, Smarte Carte, and ITS ConGlobal. Mr. Foo previously worked at Westpac Bank and Morgan Stanley.
Apollo recognizes the importance of ESG issues and has a long history of taking these into account when contemplating new investments. Apollo believes responsible investment considers how ESG issues impact the Firm, the funds it manages, and their portfolio companies, the communities in which it and they operate, and the world at large. As one of the world’s largest alternative investment managers, Apollo believes that consideration of ESG issues is essential to any company’s success by enhancing their ability to manage risks and grow responsibly.
Apollo’s ESG program rests on three pillars: thorough ESG due diligence, meaningful and tailored engagement with companies post-acquisition, and a commitment to transparency and periodic reporting of qualitative and quantitative ESG information. Apollo believes the processes underlying these three pillars better position company investment professionals and company management teams to improve performance on ESG issues. Apollo has endorsed the American Investment Council’s Guidelines for Responsible Investing, and in 2020, Apollo adopted a comprehensive Responsible Investing and ESG Policy with specific policies for each asset class. Apollo also built upon its existing governance by requiring Firm-wide decisions on ESG issues to be made at the most senior level, led by a steering committee that includes certain
7
With respect to the foregoing examples, past performance of Apollo, the Apollo Funds, Spartan I, Spartan II, Spartan III, APSG I and APSG II is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of Apollo’s, the Apollo Funds’ or our management’s performance as indicative of our future performance. An investment in us is not an investment in the Apollo Funds.
 
84
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
members of Apollo’s senior management. This committee draws on recommendations from cross-functional teams of Apollo professionals across its private equity, credit and real assets businesses.
Business Strategy
Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire and, after our initial business combination, further accelerate the growth of a company in the public markets. Our team has a history of executing complex transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. Although we may pursue an acquisition in any industry or geography, we intend to capitalize on the expertise of our management team to pursue a target in infrastructure, infrastructure services or a related sector, where we believe a combination of our relationships, knowledge and experience can effect a particularly positive transformation or augmentation of an existing business.
In particular, we seek to take advantage of the tailwinds behind massive investment and innovation in modern infrastructure solutions and technologies. Necessitated by growth and continued development of the broader economy, private infrastructure fund managers have raised and deployed capital at an incredible rate in recent years (infrastructure fundraising increased from $45 billion in 2007 to $98 billion in 2019, globally), which in turn, we believe, has remarkably increased the universe of private infrastructure companies which may be suitable targets for our initial business combination to become public companies. We expect this trend to continue — especially in North America and the United States, where President Joe Biden has proposed a federal spending plan to invest more than $2 trillion in climate infrastructure during his first term.
A suitable modern infrastructure target should have a proven, long-term value proposition and significant growth potential, while maintaining the defensive, downside-protected characteristics of traditional infrastructure, such as high barriers to entry and essentiality to society. We intend to focus on opportunities for targets which would make attractive public companies in the areas of telecommunications, transportation and mobility, waste or water management, renewable or traditional power generation, transmission or distribution, social services, education, healthcare, chemicals, industrials, and related infrastructure services and adjacencies. Our acquisition strategy will leverage Apollo’s proprietary deal-sourcing capability as well as public transaction sources. Our goal is to build a focused business with multiple competitive advantages that have the potential to improve the target business’s overall value proposition as a public company. To source and pursue the best opportunity, we plan to utilize the network and industry experience and expertise of our management team and the broader Apollo platform. Over the course of their careers, our officers and directors have developed a broad network of contacts and relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. In addition to industry and lending relationships, we plan to leverage relationships with management teams of public and private companies, investment bankers, restructuring advisers, attorneys, consultants and accountants, each of which provides unique channels of access to potential deal flow. Upon completion of this offering, we believe we can immediately begin to pursue potentially attractive acquisition opportunities.
Acquisition Criteria
Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets for our initial business combination. We will leverage these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire target businesses that we believe:
•
are leading companies that have exhibited positive top-line growth and/or are experiencing secular tailwinds;
•
have defensible and established business models, with sustainable competitive advantages and multiple avenues for growth;
•
can potentially benefit from having a public currency to accelerate growth trajectory;
•
can benefit from our management team and Apollo’s operating expertise, industry network and financing experience;
 
85
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
•
are not reliant on financial leverage to generate returns;
•
are at the point in their lifecycle at which going public is a natural next step; and
•
will offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders.
These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC.
Initial Business Combination
The NYSE rules require that we must consummate our initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company’s business or there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company’s assets or prospects.
We may pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with our sponsor, Apollo, or one or more of its affiliates, one or more Apollo Funds and/or investors in the Apollo Funds, which we refer to as an “Affiliated Joint Acquisition.” Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Any such issuance of equity or equity-linked securities would, on a fully diluted basis, reduce the percentage ownership of our then-existing stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, issuances or deemed issuances of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities would result in an adjustment to the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock will convert into shares of Class A common stock such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination), unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to such issuance or deemed issuance at the time thereof. Neither our sponsor nor Apollo, nor any of their respective affiliates, have an obligation to make any such investment, and may compete with us for potential business combinations.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition as described above. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our
 
86
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the NYSE’s 80% of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for seeking stockholder approval or for purposes of a tender offer, as applicable.
Our Acquisition Process
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a rigorous due diligence review of issues that we deem important to validating a company’s business quality and assessing growth and value creation opportunities, allowing our management team to price returns relative to potential risks appropriately. This review may encompass, among other things, research related to the company’s industry, markets, products, services and competitors, meetings with incumbent management and employees, on-site visits and a review of financial and other information which will be made available to us. Our approach to the acquisition process will be centered around leveraging Apollo’s existing network and knowledge base across its integrated platform and our management team’s operational and capital allocation expertise to target high-quality, established businesses where we see multiple opportunities for continued organic and strategic growth.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Apollo, members of our management team and our independent directors will directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
Our officers and directors have not selected a target business for our initial business combination. All of the members of our management team are also employed by Apollo. Apollo is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Certain members of our management team and directors who are affiliated with Apollo have fiduciary duties or are subject to contractual obligations or policies and procedures that require them to present business opportunities that may be appropriate for one or more Apollo Funds to the respective investment committees of such funds prior to presenting such opportunities to us regardless of the capacity in which they are made aware of such opportunities. In addition, certain members of our management team and directors have fiduciary duties to APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I and AIOF II. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity, to which he
 
87
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. As a result, APSG I, APSG II Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I and AIOF II may be given priority over us with respect to business combination opportunities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity, about which any member of our management team or director acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Please see the section entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest” for additional information.
In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, our officers and directors have and will have in the future time and attention requirements for current and future investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by Apollo or its affiliates. Specifically, Mr. Strong has fiduciary and contractual duties to ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I and AIOF II, and Mr. Foo has fiduciary and contractual duties to AIOF I and AIOF II. Apollo manages a significant number of Apollo Funds and will raise additional funds and/or accounts in the future, which will be during the period in which we are seeking our initial business combination. These Apollo investment entities may be seeking acquisition opportunities and related financing at any time. We may compete with any one or more of them on any given acquisition opportunity. In particular, certain of the Apollo Funds are focused on investments in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors (including AIOF I and AIOF II) and certain of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual obligations to such Apollo Funds to present to them business opportunities that may be appropriate for them. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for the Apollo Funds. To the extent any conflict of interest arises between, on the one hand, us and, on the other hand, investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by Apollo or its affiliates (including, without limitation, arising as a result of certain of our officers and directors being required to offer acquisition opportunities to Apollo or investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities), Apollo and its affiliates will resolve such conflicts of interest in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing fiduciary, contractual and other duties and there can be no assurance that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor.
In addition, Apollo and its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, have sponsored other blank check companies in the past and may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. In particular, affiliates of Apollo formed, and such affiliates and Mr. James Crossen (our Chief Financial Officer) are actively engaged in, APSG I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in October 2020, and/or APSG II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021. APSG I and APSG II may pursue initial business combination targets in any businesses or industries and have until October 2022 and
 
88
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
February 2023, respectively, to do so (which dates may be extended under certain circumstances). In addition, an affiliate of Apollo formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen were previously engaged in, Spartan I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in August 2018 and completed its initial business combination in October 2020. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in November 2020 and, in January 2021, entered into a definitive agreement for its initial business combination. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan III, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021 and has until February 2023 to complete its initial business combination (which date may be extended under certain circumstances). Spartan III intends to focus its search for a target business in the energy value chain in North America. Each of our officers and directors owes fiduciary duties to these entities in which they serve as an officer or director. To the extent that the potential target pipeline remains robust, it is more likely Apollo or its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, will sponsor additional blank check companies in the future. Any such companies, including APSG I, APSG II and Spartan III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and the board and management teams.
Our Management Team
Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any members of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process.
We believe our management team’s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team’s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Management” for a more complete description of our management team’s experience.
Status as a Public Company
We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares in the target business for shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.
Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests and the ability to use its equity as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.
 
89
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
While we believe that our structure and our management team’s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.
Financial Position
With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of up to $386.0 million, after payment of $14.0 million of deferred underwriting commissions (or up to $443.9 million after payment of $16.1 million of deferred underwriting commissions if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), in each case before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.
Effecting our Initial Business Combination
We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.
If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on
 
90
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.
We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.
Sources of Target Businesses
We believe our ability to leverage the capabilities of Apollo’s integrated platform and its established network of relationships will result in a significant pipeline of target business opportunities. We believe that Apollo’s broad reach and deep relationships provide us with a distinct competitive advantage, allowing us to source a greater number and more differentiated set of business combination opportunities. As a result, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors.
In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder’s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction; in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. Our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, may serve as a finder or provide other services for which they may be paid underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder’s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of $16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigation and completing an initial business combination.
 
91
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or from making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
As more fully discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may conflict with their duties to us. We may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities.
Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination
Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the NYSE’s 80% of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our business combination.
To the extent we effect our business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a disciplined due diligence review of issues that we deem important to validating a company’s business quality and assessing growth and value
 
92
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
creation opportunities, allowing our management team to price returns relative to potential risks appropriately. This review may encompass, among other things, research related to the company’s industry, markets, products, services and competitors, meetings with incumbent management and employees, on-site visits and a review of financial and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.
The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company may pay underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder’s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees or other compensation to Apollo, our sponsor, our directors, members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us in connection with our initial business combination.
Lack of Business Diversification
For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
•
subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and
•
cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team
Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
 
93
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination
We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons.
Under the NYSE’s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:
•
we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) common stock that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20% of the voting power then outstanding;
•
any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by the NYSE rules) has a 5% or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired and if the number of shares of common stock to be issued, or if the number of shares of common stock into which the securities may be convertible or exercisable, exceeds either (a) 1% of the number of shares of common stock or 1% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any of our directors and officers or (b) 5% of the number of shares of common stock or 5% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any substantial security holders; or
•
the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control.
The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:
•
the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;
•
the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote;
•
the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;
•
other time and budget constraints of the company; and
•
additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders.
Permitted Purchases of our Securities
In the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the NYSE rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights.
 
94
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
In the event that our initial stockholders, sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the class of shares of Class A common stock) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the stockholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.
Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders in Connection with our Initial Business Combination
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock in connection with our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us as permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with
 
95
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them and any public shares held by them in connection with our initial business combination.
Limitations on Redemptions
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). However, the proposed business combination may require (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Manner of Conducting Redemptions
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target business in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions with a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other legal reasons.
If we hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
•
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
•
file proxy materials with the SEC.
In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above.
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination, subject to any greater or additional vote required by applicable law or any rule or regulation applicable to us or our securities. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all of our outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need 15,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 40,000,000 public shares
 
96
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with a business combination.
If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will:
•
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and
•
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NYSE listing or Exchange Act registration.
Upon the public announcement of our business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our shares of Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination.
 
97
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights
Public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” will be required to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.
There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately $80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.
Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our business combination.
If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.
If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target during the remainder of the completion window.
Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we will have only the completion window to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window.
 
98
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window.
Our sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described above under “Limitations on Redemptions.” For example, our board of directors may propose such an amendment if it determines that additional time is necessary to complete our initial business combination. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, such an amendment would need to be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 65% of all then outstanding shares of our common stock. In such event, we will conduct a proxy solicitation and distribute proxy materials pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act seeking stockholder approval of such proposal, and in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon stockholder approval of such amendment. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, such an amendment would need to be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 65% of all then outstanding common stock.
We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining as part of the estimated $1,000,000 of cash held outside of the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not used to make permitted withdrawals, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to $100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.
If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than $10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims.
Although we will seek to have all vendors (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
 
99
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and we believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.00 per public share.
We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately $1,000,000 from the proceeds of this offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately $100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of
 
100
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
$2,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $2,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination within the completion window is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination within the completion window, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month, or 27th month, if applicable, from the closing of this offering and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.
Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses for a business combination, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay our taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the
 
101
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash in connection with our initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote.
Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with our Initial Business Combination and if We Fail to Complete our Initial Business Combination.
The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with our initial business combination and if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window.
Redemptions in Connection
with our Initial Business
Combination
Other Permitted Purchases of
Public Shares by us or our
Affiliates
Redemptions if we fail to
Complete an Initial Business
Combination
Calculation of redemption price
Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, If we are unable to completed our business combination within the completion window, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
 
102
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Redemptions in Connection
with our Initial Business
Combination
Other Permitted Purchases of
Public Shares by us or our
Affiliates
Redemptions if we fail to
Complete an Initial Business
Combination
shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place, if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
Impact to remaining stockholders
The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and interest withdrawn to make permitted withdrawals payable (to the extent not paid from amounts accrued as interest on the funds held in the trust account). If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial stockholders, who will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions.
 
103
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419
The following table compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419. This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting discounts and commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering.
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds
The NYSE rules provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the private placement be deposited in a U.S.-based trust account. $400,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. Approximately $340,200,000 of the offering proceeds would be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
Investment of net proceeds
$400,000,000 of the net offering proceeds and the sale of the private placement warrants held in trust will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
Receipt of interest on escrowed funds
Interest on proceeds from the trust account to be paid to stockholders is reduced by (i) any permitted withdrawals, and (ii) in the event of our liquidation for failure to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time, up to $100,000 of net interest that may be released to us should we have no or insufficient working capital to fund the costs and expenses of our dissolution and liquidation. Interest on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to us in connection with our completion of a business combination.
Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business
The NYSE rules require that our initial business combination must occur be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets in the trust account (excluding the The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
 
104
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination.
Trading of securities issued
The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless the representative informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering. If the over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option.
Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination.
No trading of the units or the underlying Class A common stock and warrants would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
Exercise of the warrants
The warrants cannot be exercised until the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering. The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account.
Election to remain an investor
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on A prospectus containing information pertaining to the business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify
 
105
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals, subject to the limitations described herein. We may not be required by law to hold a stockholder vote. If we are not required by law and do not otherwise decide to hold a stockholder vote, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post-effective amendment to the company’s registration statement, to decide if he, she or it elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of his, her or its investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the securities are issued.
If, however, we hold a stockholder vote, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the tender offer rules. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a stockholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of
 
106
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination, subject to any greater or additional vote required by applicable law or any rule or regulation applicable to us or our securities. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all of our outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote at such meeting.
Business combination deadline
If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the completion window, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our If an acquisition has not been completed within 18 months after the effective date of the company’s registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors.
 
107
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
Release of funds
Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to make permitted withdrawals, the proceeds from this offering held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial business combination (including the release of funds to pay any amounts due to any public stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection therewith), (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law. The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering if we hold a stockholder vote
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” Most blank check companies provide no restrictions on the ability of stockholders to redeem shares based on the number of shares held by such stockholders in connection with an initial business combination.
 
108
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares (more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering). Our public stockholders’ inability to redeem Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and they could suffer a material loss on their investment in us if they sell Excess Shares in open market transactions.
Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights
We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, holders could vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holders were seeking to exercise their redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholders to arrange for them to deliver their certificate to verify ownership.
Competition
In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.
Facilities
Our executive offices are located at 9 West 57th Street, 43rd Floor, New York, NY 10019, and our telephone number is (212) 515-3200. The cost for our use of this space is included in the $16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, we will pay to our sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
 
109
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Human Capital Management
We currently have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in.
Periodic Reporting and Financial Information
We have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) sent to stockholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that any applicable requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.
We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
Legal Proceedings
There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.
 
110
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
MANAGEMENT
Officers, Directors and Director Nominees
Our officers, directors and director nominees are as follows:
Name
Age
Position
Geoffrey Strong*
46
Chief Executive Officer and Director
James Crossen*
47
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Dylan Foo
43
Chairman of Board of Directors
Curtis Morgan
60
Director Nominee
David Small
56
Director Nominee
Theresa M.H. Wise, Ph.D.
53
Director Nominee
*
Denotes an executive officer.
Geoffrey Strong — Mr. Strong serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Director. He currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Spartan II and Spartan III, and previously served as a director for Spartan I. Mr. Strong joined Apollo in 2012 and is currently a Senior Partner and Co-Lead of the Firm’s Global Infrastructure and Natural Resources groups. Previously, he worked in the Private Equity and Infrastructure groups at Blackstone, focusing primarily on investments in the energy sector, and prior to that, as a vice president at Morgan Stanley Capital Partners. Mr. Strong serves or has served on the board of directors of various Apollo portfolio companies or affiliates, including: Apex Energy, LLC; AIE Arlington, LLC; AIE Caledonia Holdings, LLC; Caelus Energy Alaska, LLC; Chisholm Oil and Gas, LLC; CPV Fairview LLC; DoublePoint Energy, LLC; Double Eagle Energy Holdings, LLC; Double Eagle Energy Holdings II, LLC; Double Eagle Energy Holdings III, LLC; Freestone Midstream Holdings, LLC; Great Bay Renewables Holdings, LLC; Momentum Minerals, LLC; Momentum Minerals II, LLC; Northwoods Energy LLC; Pipeline Funding Company, LLC; Roundtable Energy Holdings, LLC; Spartan I; Spartan II; Spartan III; Tumbleweed Royalty, LLC; Tumbleweed Royalty II, LLC; US Wind Inc. and Vistra Energy Corp. Mr. Strong holds a Bachelor of Science, summa cum laude, in business administration from Western Oregon University, a juris doctor, cum laude, from Lewis & Clark College, and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business. Mr. Strong’s extensive experience investing in the energy value chain makes him a valuable addition to our board of directors.
James Crossen — Mr. Crossen serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Crossen is the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of APSG I, APSG II, Spartan II and Spartan III, and is Chief Financial Officer for Private Equity and Real Assets at Apollo, having joined Apollo in 2010. Prior to that time, Mr. Crossen was a Controller at Roundtable Investment Partners LLC. Prior thereto, Mr. Crossen was a Controller at Fortress Investment Group. Prior to that time, Mr. Crossen was a member of the Funds Management and Tax Group at JP Morgan Partners LLC. Mr. Crossen is a Certified Public Accountant in New York. Mr. Crossen served in the United States Marine Corps and graduated summa cum laude from the University of Connecticut.
Dylan Foo — Mr. Foo serves as the Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Foo is a Senior Partner at Apollo and Co-Lead of the Firm’s Global Infrastructure platform, which has historically deployed over $20 billion in infrastructure-related investments. Mr. Foo has 20 years industry experience investing in Asia, UK, Europe and North America, with a particular focus on mid-market assets in transportation, telecommunications and social infrastructure. Mr. Foo currently serves on the board of directors of Thor Parent Holdings, LLC (parent of Parallel Infrastructure). Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Foo spent over 13 years at AMP Capital, where he served as Partner & Global Head of Direct Investments. Mr. Foo was a member of the Global Infrastructure Investment Committee, overseeing all investing activities. Mr. Foo has previously served on the board of directors of Angel Trains (UK), Everstream, Millennium Parking Garages, Smarte Carte, and ITS ConGlobal. Mr. Foo previously worked at Westpac Bank and Morgan Stanley. Mr. Foo received a Master of Applied Finance from Macquarie University and a Bachelor’s of International Business from Queensland University of Technology. Mr. Foo’s significant experience executing infrastructure transactions across the globe and building infrastructure investment platforms makes him a valuable addition to our board of directors.
 
111
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Curtis Morgan —  Mr. Morgan is our Director Nominee. Since December 2020, Morgan has served as CEO of Vistra Corp., an integrated retail electricity and power generation company, and prior to that as president and CEO since 2016. Prior to joining Vistra, Mr. Morgan was an operating partner at Energy Capital Partners, a private equity firm focused on investing in North America’s energy infrastructure. He joined the firm in 2015 and was involved in all areas of the firm’s investment activities, with a particular emphasis on origination, diligence and portfolio company governance and oversight, across all of Energy Capital’s sectors of investments. During his 35-year career, Mr. Morgan has held leadership responsibilities in nearly every major U.S. power market. Prior to joining Energy Capital, he served as the president and CEO of both EquiPower Resources Corp. and FirstLight Power Resources, Inc. He recently served as a director of Summit Midstream General Partner at Summit Midstream Partners. He has also held leadership positions at NRG Energy, Mirant Corporation, Reliant Energy and BP Amoco. Mr. Morgan serves on the board of directors and is currently chairman of the Electric Power Supply Association, the competitive power generation industry organization, and on the board of Comp-U-Dopt, a non-profit providing technology access and education to underserved youth. He has previously served on the boards of Summit Midstream and Prevent Child Abuse Georgia. A certified public accountant, Mr. Morgan received a Bachelor’s degree in accounting from Western Illinois University and a Master of Business Administration in finance and economics from the University of Chicago. We believe Mr. Morgan’s extensive leadership experience and background make him a well-qualified member of our board of directors.
David Small — Mr. Small is our Director Nominee. Mr. Small retired from Verizon Communications after a 31 year career in a number of senior executive roles. Mr. Small was Executive Vice President of Global Field Operations and Assurance from 2016 to 2019, and was responsible for leading 35,000 field construction and operations employees for the Verizon Wireless, Telecom and Business networks across the globe. Prior to this role, Mr. Small was the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Verizon Wireless, and was responsible for 58,000 sales, customer service, and field operations employees across the U.S. Prior to this, Mr. Small was Chief Platform Officer of Verizon, Chief Technology Officer of Verizon Wireless, and President of Verizon’s wholesale business. Earlier in his career he had many engineering, marketing, sales, and operational roles at Verizon and predecessor companies. Mr. Small is currently on the board of directors of Hylan, serves as an advisor to private equity firms, and is on the board of KidsPeace – a national charity organization dedicated to serving children. Mr. Small received his Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University, and his Master of Business Administration from Ball State University. We believe Mr. Small’s experience in building, operating and maintaining large global infrastructure networks, and his experience across various operations, technology and business unit domains make him a well-qualified member of our board of directors.
Theresa M. H. Wise, Ph.D. — Dr. Wise is our Director Nominee. Dr. Wise is Chief Executive Officer and principal for Utaza, LLC, an information technology consulting company, a role she has held since 2017. Dr. Wise is the former Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Delta Air Lines, a role she held from 2008 to 2016. Prior to joining Delta, Dr. Wise held a number of positions at Northwest Airlines Corporation, including serving as the company’s Chief Information Officer from 2001 until Northwest Airlines Corporation’s merger with Delta in 2008. Dr. Wise currently serves on the Board of Directors of Viasat, a global communications company, Impinj, a manufacturer of radio-frequency identification devices and software, TCF Financial Corporation, a financial services company Midcontinent Independent System Operator, a non-profit member-based organization that ensures reliable, least-cost delivery of electricity, and St. Olaf College, a not-for-profit where she serves on the Board of Regents, as well as the Executive, Nominating and Governance, and Audit Committees. Dr. Wise received her Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics and Chemistry from St. Olaf College and her doctorate and Master of Science degrees in Applied Math from Cornell University. We believe Dr. Wise’s extensive leadership experience and background in operations and technology make her a well-qualified member of our board of directors.
Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors
We intend to have five directors upon completion of this offering. Our board of directors will be divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Geoffrey Strong and Dylan Foo, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of           and           , will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of
 
112
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
the third class of directors, consisting of           , will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination.
Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.
Director Independence
The NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We expect to have “independent directors’’ as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules upon completion of this offering. Our board of directors has determined that each of Curtis Morgan, David Small and Theresa M. H. Wise are “independent directors” as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.
Officer and Director Compensation
None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of $16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.
We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to
 
113
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
Committees of the Board of Directors
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our board of directors will have three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the NYSE rules and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the NYSE rules require that the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. The charter of each committee will be available on our website.
Audit Committee
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors. Curtis Morgan, David Small and Theresa M. H. Wise will serve as members of our audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to the exception described below. Each of Curtis Morgan, David Small and Theresa M. H. Wise are independent.
will serve as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that           qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules.
We will adopt an audit committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the audit committee, including:
•
the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;
•
pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures;
•
reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;
•
setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm;
•
setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
•
obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm’s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;
•
reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and
•
reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.
 
114
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Compensation Committee
Prior to the consummation of this offering, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. Curtis Morgan, David Small and Theresa M. H. Wise will serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Curtis Morgan, David Small and Theresa M. H. Wise are independent.           will serve as chair of the compensation committee.
We will adopt a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
•
reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer’s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer based on such evaluation;
•
reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers;
•
reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans;
•
implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
•
assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
•
approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;
•
if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
•
reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Prior to the consummation of this offering, we will establish a nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. The members of our nominating and corporate governance will be Curtis Morgan, David Small and Theresa M. H. Wise.           will serve as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee.
The primary purposes of our nominating and corporate governance committee will be to assist the board in:
•
identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors;
•
developing, recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines;
•
coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and
•
reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary.
The nominating and corporate governance committee will be governed by a charter that complies with the NYSE rules.
 
115
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Director Nominations
Our nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders.
We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Our compensation committee will consist of Curtis Morgan, David Small and Theresa M. H. Wise. None of these directors has ever served as an officer or employee of the Company. None of the members of the compensation committee have, or have had during the last year, any relationship with the Company requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. None of our executive officers served as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or similar committee) of any other company whose executive officer(s) served as a member of our compensation committee. None of our executive officers served as a member of the compensation committee (or similar committee) of any other company whose executive officer(s) served as a member of our board of directors.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics will be posted on our website. In addition, a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Our board of directors will adopt corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines will cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines will be posted on our website.
Conflicts of Interest
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Certain members of our management team and directors who are affiliated with Apollo have fiduciary duties or are subject to contractual obligations or policies and procedures that require them to present business opportunities that may be appropriate for one or more Apollo Funds to the respective investment committees of such funds prior to presenting such opportunities to us regardless of the capacity in which they are made aware of such opportunities. Certain members of our management team and directors have fiduciary duties to APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I and AIOF II. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity, to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III,
 
116
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity. Our Chief Executive Officer currently serves in that role for Spartan II and Spartan III, and also has fiduciary and contractual duties to ANRP III, AIOF I and AIOF II. Our Chief Financial Officer currently serves in that role for APSG I, APSG II, Spartan II and Spartan III. Our Chairman has fiduciary and contractual duties to AIOF I and AIOF II. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another entity, including APSG I, APSG II, Spartan III, ANRP II, ANRP III, AIOF I, AIOF II and/or any other Apollo entity, about which any member of our management team or director acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination.
Apollo manages a significant number of Apollo Funds. Apollo and its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. In particular, certain of the Apollo Funds are focused on investments in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors (including AIOF I and AIOF II) and certain of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual obligations to such Apollo Funds to present to them business opportunities that may be appropriate for them. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for the Apollo Funds. If these entities or companies decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within Apollo may be suitable for both us and for Apollo affiliates and/or current or future Apollo Funds and may be directed to such affiliates and/or Apollo Funds rather than to us. Neither Apollo nor members of our board of directors and management team who are also employed by Apollo have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Apollo and/or our management, in their capacities as partners, officers or employees of Apollo will be, or in their other endeavors may be, required to present potential business combinations to other entities, before they present such opportunities to us.
In addition, Apollo and its affiliates and/or Apollo Funds, and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies In particular, affiliates of Apollo formed, and such affiliates and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, APSG I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in October 2020, and/or APSG II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021. APSG I and APSG II may pursue initial business combination targets in any businesses or industries and have until October 2022 and February 2023, respectively, to do so (which dates may be extended under certain circumstances). In addition, an affiliate of Apollo formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen were previously engaged in, Spartan I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in August 2018 and completed its initial business combination in October 2020. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in November 2020 and, in January 2021, entered into a definitive agreement for its initial business combination. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Strong and Mr. Crossen are actively engaged in, Spartan III,
 
117
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021 and has until February 2023 to complete its initial business combination (which date may be extended under certain circumstances). Spartan III intends to focus its search for a target business in the energy value chain in North America. Any such companies, including APSG I, APSG II and Spartan III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and the board and management teams. To the extent that the potential target pipeline remains robust, it is more likely Apollo or its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, will sponsor additional blank check companies in the future.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with any affiliates of Apollo or investors in the Apollo Funds. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination.
Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:
•
None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities.
•
In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
•
Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any founder shares held by them until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, (i) the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (ii) we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
 
118
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
•
Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
•
Our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with our initial business combination, although our sponsor and their affiliates have no obligation to do so. Apollo and its affiliates and certain of the Apollo Funds engage in the business of originating, underwriting, syndicating, acquiring and trading loans and debt securities of corporate and other borrowers, and may provide or participate in any debt financing arrangement in connection with any acquisition, financing or disposition of any target business that we may make. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elect to make additional investments or provide financing, such proposed transactions could influence our sponsor’s motivation to complete our initial business combination.
•
Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.
 
119
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may present a conflict of interest:
Name of Individual
Entity Name
Entity’s Business
Affiliation
Geoffrey Strong Apollo Investment Senior Partner and Co-Lead of the Global Infrastructure and Natural Resources groups
ANRP II Investment Investment Committee Member
ANRP III Investment Investment Committee Member
AIOF I Investment Investment Committee Member
AIOF II Investment Investment Committee Member
Spartan II Special purpose acquisition company Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
Spartan III Special purpose acquisition company Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
James Crossen Apollo Investment Chief Financial Officer for Private Equity and Real Assets
APSG I Special purpose acquisition company Chief Financial Officer
APSG II Special purpose acquisition company Chief Financial Officer
Spartan II Special purpose acquisition company Chief Financial Officer
Spartan III Special purpose acquisition company Chief Financial Officer
Dylan Foo Apollo Investment Senior Partner and Co-Lead of the Global Infrastructure platform
AIOF II Investment Investment Committee Member
Thor Parent Holdings, LLC Infrastructure Director
Curtis Morgan Vistra Corp. Energy Chief Executive Officer and Director
David Small Hylan Infrastructure Director
Theresa M.H. Wise, Ph.D. Utaza, LLC Information technology consulting Chief Executive Officer and Principal
Viasat Communications Director
Impinj Manufacturing Director
TCF Financial Corporation Financial services Director
 
120
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:
•
the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;
•
the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business;
•
the opportunity is available to the corporation it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.
Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
Apollo, our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, may serve as a finder or provide other services for which they may be paid underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder’s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees by the company for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will pay an amount equal to $16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, to our sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to us.
In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination, subject to any greater or additional vote required by applicable law or any rule or regulation applicable to us or our securities. Our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination.
Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us, and that we will advance the expenses of our officers and directors in defending actions, suits or proceedings brought against them to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.
We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses in addition to the rights provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. We expect to purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.
 
121
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Our officers and directors have agreed, and any persons who may become officers or directors prior to the initial business combination will agree, to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination.
Our indemnification obligations may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative or other stockholder litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay costs and expenses incurred by our directors and officers, settlement amounts and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
We believe that these provisions, the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.
 
122
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our common stock included in the units offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of units in this offering, by:
•
each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock;
•
each of our named executive officers, directors and director nominees that beneficially owns our common stock; and
•
all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus.
As of the date of this prospectus, our initial stockholders, including our sponsor, own 11,500,000 founder shares. The following table presents the number of shares and percentage of our common stock owned by our initial stockholders before and after this offering. The post-offering numbers and percentages presented assume that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option, that our sponsor forfeits 1,500,000 founder shares, and that there are 50,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding after this offering.
Before Offering
After Offering
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)
Number of
Shares
Beneficially
Owned(2)
Approximate
Percentage of
Outstanding
Common Stock
Number of
Shares
Beneficially
Owned(2)
Approximate
Percentage of
Outstanding
Common Stock
Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P.
(our sponsor)﻿(3)
11,500,000 100
%
10,000,000 20
%
Geoffrey Strong
— — — —
James Crossen
— — — —
Dylan Foo
— — — —
Curtis Morgan
— — — —
David Small
— — — —
Theresa M. H. Wise
— — — —
All directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group (      Individuals)
— —
%
— —
%
*
Less than one percent.
(1)
Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 9 West 57th Street, 43rd Floor, New York, NY 10019.
(2)
Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled “Description of Securities.”
(3)
Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. (“Sponsor”) is a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership managed, advised and operated by AP Caps II Holdings GP, LLC (“Holdings GP”), an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, Inc. Holdings GP is the general partner of Sponsor. Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Advisors, L.P. (“Advisors LP”) is the sole limited partner of Sponsor. Apollo Principal Holdings III, L.P. (“Principal III”) is the managing member of Holdings GP and sole limited partner of Advisors LP. Apollo Principal Holdings III GP, Ltd. (“Principal III GP”) serves as the general partner of Principal III. Messrs. Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan are the directors of Principal III GP and as such may be deemed to have voting and dispositive control of the common
 
123
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
stock held of record by Sponsor. The address of Sponsor, Holdings GP, Principal III and Principal III GP is c/o Walkers Corporate Limited; 190 Elgin Avenue; George Town; Grand Cayman KY1-9008. The address of each of Messrs. Black, Harris and Rowan, is 9 West 57th Street, 43rd Floor, New York, New York 10019.
Immediately after this offering, our initial stockholders will beneficially own 20% of the then-issued and outstanding common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election or removal of directors, amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions, including approval of our initial business combination.
The holders of the founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination.
Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 7,333,333 private placement warrants (or 8,133,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($11.0 million in the aggregate or $12.2 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. In addition, the private placement warrants purchased by our sponsor will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), as long as our sponsor or any of its related persons beneficially own such private placement warrants. The private placement warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering.
Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.
Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants
The founder shares, private placement warrants and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to a letter agreement to be entered into by our sponsor, directors, officers and us. This letter agreement will provide that the founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until the earlier of (x) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our business combination, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
The letter agreement will provide that the private placement warrants may not be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination.
Additionally, in the event of (i) our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination, or (ii) the completion of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stock holders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, the lock-up period shall terminate. However, as described below, such securities may be transferred during the lock-up period to certain permitted transferees, provided that in the cases of clauses (a) through (f) below the
 
124
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
permitted transferees enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions. Permitted transfers include: (a) transfers to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor or their affiliates, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, transfers by gift to members of the individual’s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of one of the individual’s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, transfers by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) transfers by virtue of the laws of the state of Delaware or our sponsor’s operating agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor; (f) transfers by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (g) transfers to any third-party pledgee in a bona fide transaction as collateral to secure obligations pursuant to lending or other arrangements between such third parties (or their affiliates or designees) and our sponsor, directors, officers and/or their affiliates or any similar arrangement relating to a financing arrangement for the benefit of our sponsor, directors, officers and/or their affiliates; and (h) transfers pursuant to a bona fide loan or pledge or as a grant or maintenance of a bona fide lien, security interest, pledge or other similar encumbrance (each, a “Pledge”) of any such securities owned by our sponsor, directors, officers and/or their affiliates to a nationally or internationally recognized financial institution in connection with a loan to our sponsor, directors, officers and/or their affiliates; provided, however, that (A) our sponsor, directors, officers and/or their affiliates shall not Pledge such securities resulting in a loan to value in excess of 50%; and (B) our sponsor, directors, officers or the Company, as the case may be, shall provide Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC prior written notice informing them of any public filing, report or announcement made by or on behalf of our sponsor, directors, officers or the Company with respect thereto.
Prior to our initial business combination, permitted transferees would be subject to the same written agreements as our sponsor, directors and officers with respect to (i) voting any founder shares held by them in favor of the initial business combination, (ii) agreeing to not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the completion window and (iii) waiving their redemption rights and rights to liquidating distributions.
Registration Rights
The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. These holders will be entitled to make up to one demand, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have “piggyback” registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us, subject to certain limitations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Apollo may not exercise its demand and “piggyback” registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion.
 
125
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
As of the date of this prospectus, our initial stockholders, including our sponsor, own an aggregate of 11,500,000 founder shares. The number of founder shares was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of this offering. In February 2021, we completed a stock reclassification of our Class B common stock and, as a result 11,500,000 shares of our Class B common stock were outstanding. Up to 1,500,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our initial stockholders depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised. The founder shares (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.
Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 7,333,333 (or 8,133,333 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants for a purchase price of $1.50 per warrant in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. As such, our sponsor’s interest in this transaction is valued at between $11.0 million and $12.2 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, depending on the number of private placement warrants purchased. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. The private placement warrants (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
As more fully discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may conflict with their duties to us. We may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any Apollo entity or any other entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities.
Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will pay our sponsor a total of $16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
In addition to these monthly fees, underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder’s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees may be paid by the company to Apollo, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or following our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to Apollo, our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
Prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor has agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $750,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses related to this offering. These loans bear interest at a rate of 0.12% per annum and are unsecured and are due at the closing of this offering. These loans will be repaid upon the closing of this offering as part of the estimated $2,000,000 of offering expenses. The value of our sponsor’s interest in this transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loans.
 
126
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
As more fully discussed in “Underwriting (Conflict of Interest) — Conflict of Interest,” because our sponsor, an affiliate of Apollo Global Securities, LLC, an underwriter of this offering, beneficially owns substantially all of our outstanding shares prior to the consummation of this offering, Apollo Global Securities, LLC is deemed to have a “conflict of interest” under FINRA Rule 5121. Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the applicable provisions of FINRA Rule 5121.
FINRA Rule 5121 prohibits Apollo Global Securities, LLC from making sales to discretionary accounts without the prior written approval of the account holder and requires that a “qualified independent underwriter,” as defined in FINRA Rule 5121, participate in the preparation of the registration statement and exercise its usual standards of due diligence with respect thereto. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC is acting as “qualified independent underwriter” for this offering.
Apollo Global Securities, LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, is an underwriter in this offering and will receive a portion of the underwriting discounts and commissions in connection with this offering. See “Underwriting (Conflict of Interest).”
After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials (as applicable) furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
We will enter into a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, which is described under the heading “Description of Securities — Registration Rights.”
Related Party Policy
We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy.
Prior to the consummation of this offering, we will adopt a code of business conduct and ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of business conduct and ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company.
In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we will adopt prior to the consummation of this offering, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum.
 
127
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.
These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer.
To further minimize conflicts of interest, we will not consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. There will be no restrictions on payments made to insiders. We expect that some or all of the following payments will be made to Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination, other than from any permitted withdrawals:
•
repayment of up to an aggregate of $750,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses;
•
reimbursement for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to us by our sponsor, in an amount equal to $16,667 per month, for up to 27 months;
•
underwriting discounts and commissions paid to Apollo Global Securities, LLC;
•
underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder’s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination;
•
reimbursement of legal fees and expenses incurred by our sponsor, officers or directors in connection with our formation, the initial business combination and their services to us;
•
reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination; and
•
repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements have been executed with respect thereto. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender.
 
128
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we are authorized to issue 800,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value each, 199,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value each, and 1,000,000 undesignated shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock as set out more particularly in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
Units
Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fifth of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least five units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the closing of this offering unless the representative informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the Class A common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A common stock and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least five units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.
In no event will the Class A common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet of the company reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly, and no later than four business days, after the closing of this offering which will include this audited balance sheet. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination.
Common Stock
Upon the closing of this offering, 50,000,000 shares of our common stock will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of 1,500,000 founder shares by our sponsor), consisting of:
•
40,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock underlying the units being offered in this offering; and
•
10,000,000 shares of our Class B common stock held by our sponsor.
If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of founder shares by our initial stockholders prior to this offering at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering.
Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders; provide that holders of our Class B common stock will have the exclusive right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. On any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as required by
 
129
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
applicable law or stock exchange rules. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, holders of our Class B common stock have the exclusive right to elect, remove and replace any director prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. This provision may only be amended if approved by holders of 90% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon.
Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 800,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus, we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, (a) as holders of our Class A common stock, our public stockholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of our directors and (b) only holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock may remove a member of our board of directors for any reason.
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares in connection with our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to in permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with our initial business combination.
Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder
 
130
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination (or, if the applicable rules of the NYSE then in effect require, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock held by public stockholders are voted in favor of the business transaction), subject to any greater or additional vote required by applicable law or any rule or regulation applicable to us or our securities. Unless restricted by NYSE rules, a quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will count towards such quorum. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination unless restricted by applicable NYSE rules. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need 15,000,001, or approximately 37.5%, of 40,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and no exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option) in order to have such initial business combination approved (or, if the applicable rules of the NYSE then in effect require approval by a majority of the votes cast by public stockholders, we would need 20,000,001 of public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and no exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option) in order to have such initial business combination approved). Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if it does vote, irrespective of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction. These quorum and voting thresholds and the letter agreement may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the common stock sold in this offering, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders’ inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to
 
131
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period.
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, after permitted withdrawals, in connection with our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.
Founder Shares
The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, and (iii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive (A) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with our initial business combination, (B) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within the completion window and (C) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, (iv) the founder shares are shares of Class B common stock that are automatically convertible into shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein and (v) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in this offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock will convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of 65% of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the sum of the total
 
132
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
number of all common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination. Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time.
With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination, (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (C) following the completion of our initial business combination, such future date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Preferred Stock
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preferred stock is being issued or registered in this offering.
Warrants
Public Stockholders’ Warrants
Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of this offering or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least five units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the date on which we complete our initial business combination exercisable, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or
 
133
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the shares of Class A common stock underlying such unit.
We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The “fair market value” shall mean the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent.
Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):
•
in whole and not in part;
•
at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
•
upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and
•
if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading “— Warrants — Public Warrants — Anti-dilution Adjustments”) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (which we refer to as the “Reference Value”).
We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be
 
134
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the shares of Class A common stock may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the $11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.
Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $10.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants:
•
in whole and not in part;
•
at $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the “fair market value” of Class A common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; and
•
if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under “Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00”) equals or exceeds $10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading “— Warrants —  Public Stockholders’ Warrants — Anti-dilution Adjustments”).
During the period beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Class A common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the “fair market value” of our Class A common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for $0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on the volume-weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends.
Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A common stock shall include a security other than Class A common stock into which the Class A common stock have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination.
The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading “— Anti-dilution Adjustments” below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted pursuant to the fifth paragraph of “— Anti-Dilution Adjustments” below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings shall equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price after such adjustment and the denominator of which is $10.00. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted pursuant to the second paragraph of “— Anti-Dilution Adjustments” below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings shall equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment less the decrease in the exercise price pursuant to such exercise price adjustment.
Redemption Date
(period to expiration of warrants)
Fair Market Value of Class A Common Stock
≤$10.00
$11.00
$12.00
$13.00
$14.00
$15.00
$16.00
$17.00
≥$18.00
60 months
0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361
 
135
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Redemption Date
(period to expiration of warrants)
Fair Market Value of Class A Common Stock
≤$10.00
$11.00
$12.00
$13.00
$14.00
$15.00
$16.00
$17.00
≥$18.00
57 months
0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361
54 months
0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361
51 months
0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361
48 months
0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361
45 months
0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361
42 months
0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361
39 months
0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361
36 months
0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361
33 months
0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361
30 months
0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361
27 months
0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361
24 months
0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361
21 months
0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361
18 months
0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361
15 months
0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361
12 months
0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361
9 months
0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361
6 months
0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361
3 months
0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361
0 months
— — 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361
The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is $11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is $13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any shares of Class A common stock.
This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A common stock exceeds $18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the shares of Class A common stock are trading at or above $10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A common stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the $18.00 per share threshold set forth above under “—
 
136
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00.” Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of this prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders.
As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the shares of Class A common stock are trading at a price starting at $10.00, which is below the exercise price of $11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the shares of Class A common stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Class A common stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for shares of Class A common stock if and when such shares of Class A common stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of $11.50.
No fractional shares of Class A common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than our shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than our shares of Class A common stock, the company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants.
Redemption procedures.   A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person’s affiliates), to the warrant agent’s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9% or 9.8% (or such other amount as specified by the holder) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.
Anti-dilution Adjustments.   If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of shares of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for shares of Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.
 
137
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of shares of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our share capital into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the shares of Class A common stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed $0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than $0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event.
If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock.
Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. The warrant agreement provides that no adjustment to the number of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of a warrant will be required until cumulative adjustments amount to 1% or more of the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of a warrant as last adjusted. Any such adjustments that are not made will be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All such carried forward adjustments will be made (i) in connection with any subsequent adjustment that (taken together with such carried forward adjustments) would result in a change of at least 1% in the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of a warrant and (ii) on the exercise date of any warrant.
In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing entity and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of shares of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as
 
138
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants.
The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.
Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder.
We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See “Risk Factors —  Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.”
Private Placement Warrants
The private placement warrants (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants,” to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. The private placement warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, the private placement warrants purchased by our sponsor will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), as long as our sponsor or any of its related persons benenfically own such private placement warrants. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering.
 
139
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average last reported sale price of the shares of Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.
In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.
Dividends
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of this offering, in which case we will effect a stock dividend with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of founder shares by our initial stockholders prior to this offering at 20% of our issued and outstanding common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent
The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity.
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon.
Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These
 
140
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
provisions (other than amendments relating to the appointment of directors, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90% of our common stock voting in a stockholder meeting) cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65% of our common stock.
Our initial stockholders, who collectively will beneficially own 20% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that:
•
if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;
•
prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination;
•
although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;
•
if a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;
•
our initial business combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination;
•
if our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares;
•
we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations; and
•
our sponsor and its affiliates will not have a duty to communicate or offer any business opportunity to us.
 
141
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.
Certain members of our management team and directors, including those affiliated with Apollo, have fiduciary duties or are subject to contractual obligations or policies and procedures that require them to present business opportunities that may be appropriate for one or more entities, including Apollo Funds, to the respective investment committees or other decision making bodies of such entities or funds prior to presenting such opportunities to us regardless of the capacity in which they are made aware of such opportunities. To address the matter set out above, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that to the maximum extent permitted by law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another entity, including any Apollo entity, about which any member of our management team or director acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions to exculpate and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of any liability, obligation or duty to the Company that may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity or failing to present such business opportunity to the Company.
Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
We have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain “business combinations” with any “interested stockholder” for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless:
•
prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;
•
upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or
•
at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder.
Generally, a “business combination” includes a merger, asset or stock sale or certain other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an “interested stockholder” is a person who, together with that person’s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 20% or more of our voting stock.
Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an “interested stockholder” to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our sponsor and its respective affiliates, any of their respective direct or indirect transferees of at least 20% of our outstanding common stock and any group as to which such persons are party to, do not constitute “interested stockholders” for purposes of this provision.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, after the offering, stockholders (other than holders of our Class B common stock) may not act by written consent in lieu of a meeting, and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will
 
142
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
not permit stockholders to call special meetings. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings.
Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.
Exclusive Forum For Certain Lawsuits
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, agent to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks jurisdiction over such action or proceeding, then another court of the State of Delaware or, if no court of the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, then the United States District Court for the District of Delaware). Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Although we believe this forum provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of Delaware (a “foreign action”) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in such court to enforce the forum provisions (an “enforcement action”), and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder’s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not purport to require suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act to be brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or another court of the State of Delaware. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As noted above, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Special Meeting of Stockholders
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman.
Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations
Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be
 
143
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws will allow the chairman of the meeting at a meeting of the stockholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed. These provisions may also defer, delay or discourage a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to influence or obtain control of us.
Action by Written Consent
Subsequent to the consummation of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock.
Classified Board of Directors
Our board of directors will initially be divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class; provided that prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B common stock may remove a member of our board of directors for any reason. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office.
Class B Common Stock Consent Right
For so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal of would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted.
Securities Eligible for Future Sale
Immediately after the consummation of this offering, we will have 50,000,000 (or 57,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 40,000,000 shares (or 46,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 10,000,000 (or 11,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares and all 7,333,333 (or 8,133,333 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and the shares of Class B common stock and private placement
 
144
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
warrants are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in this prospectus. These restricted securities will be subject to registration rights as more fully described below under “— Registration Rights.”
Rule 144
Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.
Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:
•
1% of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 500,000 shares immediately after this offering (or 575,000 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or
•
the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:
•
the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
•
the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
•
the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and
•
at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
As a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and our sponsor will be able to sell its private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.
Registration Rights
The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock) pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. These holders will be entitled to make up to one demand, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have certain “piggyback” registration rights to include such securities in other registration statements filed by us and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which
 
145
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination, (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (C) following the completion of our initial business combination, such future date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with filing any such registration statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing. Apollo may not exercise its demand and “piggyback” registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion.
Listing of Securities
We intend to apply to list our units, Class A common stock and warrants on the NYSE under the symbols “ACRO.U,” “ACRO” and “ACRO WS,” respectively. We expect that our units will be listed on the NYSE on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on the NYSE. Following the date Class A common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that our Class A common stock and warrants will be listed separately and as a unit on the NYSE. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination.
 
146
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
The following is a discussion of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations related to the acquisition, ownership and disposition by U.S. Holders (as defined below) and Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) of our units, shares of our Class A common stock and warrants, which we refer to collectively as our securities. Although not entirely clear, we intend to treat, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the holder of a unit as the owner of two separate securities (the one share of the underlying Class A common stock and one-fifth of one warrant that are the components of the unit). See “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit” below. This disclosure assumes this treatment is appropriate, in which case the discussion below with respect to actual holders of our Class A common stock and warrants should also apply to holders of units. This discussion applies only to our securities that are held as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes (generally property held for investment) and is applicable only to holders who purchased units in this offering.
This discussion is based on the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and judicial decisions, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. We cannot assure you that a change in law will not significantly alter the tax considerations that we describe in this summary. We have not sought any ruling from the IRS or formal written opinion from our tax advisors with respect to the positions or conclusions described in the following summary. Such statements and conclusions are not free from doubt, and there can be no assurance that your tax advisor, the IRS or a court will agree with such statements and conclusions.
This summary does not address the Medicare tax on certain investment income, U.S. federal estate or gift tax laws, any state, local or non-U.S. tax laws, any tax treaties or any other tax law. Furthermore, this discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to a particular holder in light of the holder’s circumstances, or to certain categories of investors that may be subject to special rules, such as (but not limited to):
•
our founders, sponsor, officers or directors or other holders of our Class B common stock or private placement warrants;
•
banks, insurance companies or other financial institutions;
•
broker-dealers
•
tax-exempt entities or governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof;
•
“qualified foreign pension funds” as defined in Section 897(l)(2) of the Code (or any entities all of the interests of which are held by a qualified foreign pension fund);
•
dealers in securities or foreign currencies;
•
“controlled foreign corporations,” “passive foreign investment companies” and corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax;
•
traders in securities that use the mark-to-market method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
•
entities or arrangements treated as a partnership or pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes or holders of interests therein;
•
persons deemed to sell our securities under the constructive sale provisions of the Code;
•
persons that acquired our securities through the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement plan;
•
U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;
•
Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) who are individuals present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the disposition of our units, shares of Class A common stock or warrants;
•
persons that actually or constructively own five percent or more of any class of our shares;
 
147
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
•
certain former citizens or former long-term residents of the United States;
•
regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts;
•
controlled foreign corporations;
•
passive foreign investment companies;
•
our sponsor, founders, officers or directors, S-corporations; and
•
persons that hold our securities as part of a straddle, appreciated financial position, synthetic security, hedge, conversion transaction or other integrated investment or risk reduction transaction.
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE URGED TO CONSULT WITH AND RELY SOLELY UPON THEIR TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS (INCLUDING ANY POTENTIAL FUTURE CHANGES THERETO) TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION, AS WELL AS ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES ARISING UNDER ANY OTHER TAX LAWS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE U.S. FEDERAL ESTATE OR GIFT TAX LAWS OR UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER TAXING JURISDICTION OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE INCOME TAX TREATY.
Personal Holding Company Status
We could be subject to additional U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company (“PHC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20%, on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income during such year, subject to certain adjustments.
A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50% of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, at least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income as discussed above. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, more than 50% of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by five or fewer such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, there can be no assurance that we are not and will not be a PHC in the future.
Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit
No statutory, administrative or judicial authority directly addresses the treatment of a unit or instruments similar to our units for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. We intend to treat, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the acquisition of a unit as the acquisition of one share of Class A common stock and one-fifth of one warrant to acquire one share of Class A common stock and, by purchasing a unit, you will agree to adopt such treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes. This discussion assumes that the characterization of the units described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
As a result, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit must allocate the purchase price paid by such holder for such unit between the one share of Class A common stock and the one-fifth of one warrant based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. Under U.S. federal income tax law, each investor must make its own determination of such value based on all the relevant facts and circumstances. Therefore, each investor is strongly urged to consult with and rely solely upon its own tax
 
148
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
advisor regarding the determination of value for these purposes. The purchase price allocated to each share of Class A common stock and the one-fifth of one warrant should be the stockholder’s tax basis in such share or one-fifth of one warrant, as the case may be. In addition, any disposition of a unit should be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as a disposition of the share of Class A common stock and the one-fifth of one warrant that make up the unit, and the amount realized on the disposition should be allocated between the share of Class A common stock and the one-fifth of one warrant based on their respective relative fair market values at the time of disposition. The separation of the share of Class A common stock and the one-fifth of one warrant constituting a unit and the combination of five-fifths of a warrant into a single warrant should not be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The foregoing treatment of the units, shares of Class A common stock and warrants and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the IRS or the courts, and because there is no authority that directly addresses the U.S. federal income tax implications of instruments that are similar to the units, there can be no assurance that your tax advisor, the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult with and rely solely upon its own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of an investment in a unit (including any potential alternative characterizations of a unit).
U.S. Holder and Non-U.S. Holder Defined
A “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of our units, shares of Class A common stock or warrants that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, who is or that is:
•
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;
•
a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
•
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or
•
a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and which has one or more “United States persons” (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) who have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (B) that has made a valid election under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person.
A “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of our units, shares of Class A common stock or warrants who is or that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, an individual, corporation, estate or trust that is not a U.S. Holder.
If a partnership (including an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds our units, shares of Class A common stock or warrants, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership might depend upon the status of the partner or the partnership, upon the activities of the partnership and upon certain determinations made at the partnership or partner level. Accordingly, we urge partners in partnerships (including entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) who are considering the purchase of our securities to consult with and rely solely upon their tax advisors regarding the tax considerations of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our securities by such partnership.
Considerations for U.S. Holders
This section applies to you if you are a U.S. Holder.
Tax Characterization of Distributions with Respect to Shares of Class A Common Stock
If we pay distributions of cash or other property to U.S. Holders of shares of Class A common stock, such distributions generally will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will constitute a return of capital, to the extent of a U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of Class A common stock, that will be applied against and reduce (but not below zero) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of
 
149
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Class A common stock. Any remaining portion of the distribution will be treated as gain recognized on the sale of shares of Class A common stock and will be treated as described under “— Gain or Loss on Sale or Other Taxable Exchange or Disposition of Class A Common Stock or Warrants” below.
Possible Constructive Distributions with Respect to Warrants
The terms of the warrants provide for an adjustment to the number of shares of common stock for which warrants may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrants in certain events, as discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants.” An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. The U.S. Holders of the warrants would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment increases the warrant holders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of shares of common stock that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease in the exercise price of the warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property to the holders of shares of our common stock which is taxable to the holders of such shares as a distribution. Any such constructive distribution would be treated in the same manner as if the U.S. Holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased proportionate interest and taxed in a manner similar to distributions to holders of Class A common stock described herein. See “— Tax Characterization of Distributions with Respect to Class A Common Stock” above. Generally, a U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its warrants should be increased to the extent any such constructive distribution is treated as a dividend. For certain information reporting purposes, we are required to determine the date and amount of any such constructive distributions. Proposed Treasury regulations, which we may rely on prior to the issuance of final regulations, specify how the date and amount of constructive distributions are determined.
Distributions Treated as Dividends
Any portion of a distribution treated as a dividend that we pay to a U.S. Holder that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally will qualify for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding period is satisfied. With certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations), and provided certain holding period requirements are met, any portion of a distribution treated as a dividend we pay to a non-corporate U.S. Holder generally will constitute a “qualified dividend” that will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the lower applicable long-term capital gains rate. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the Class A common stock described in this prospectus may be deemed a limitation of a stockholder’s risk of loss and prevent a U.S. Holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements. If the applicable holding period requirements are not satisfied, a corporate U.S. Holder may not be able to qualify for the dividends received deduction and would have taxable income equal to the entire dividend amount, or a non-corporate U.S. Holder may be subject to tax on the dividend at regular ordinary income tax rates instead of the preferential income tax rate that applies to qualified dividend income. U.S. Holders are urged to consult with and rely solely upon their tax advisors regarding the availability of the dividends received deduction or the lower preferential income tax rate for qualified dividend income, as the case may be, for any dividends paid with respect to Class A common stock.
Gain or Loss on Sale or Other Taxable Exchange or Disposition of Class A Common Stock or Warrants
Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of Class A common stock or warrants (which in general would include a redemption of shares of Class A common stock or warrants that is treated as a sale of such securities as described below, including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period), a U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis with respect to its Class A common stock or warrants. Generally, the amount of gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder will be an amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition (or, if the shares of Class A common stock or warrants are held as part of units at the time of the disposition, the portion of the amount realized on such disposition that is allocated to the shares of Class A common stock or the warrants based upon the then-fair market values of the shares of Class A common stock and the
 
150
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
warrants included in the units) and (ii) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the relevant shares of Class A common stock or warrants. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of Class A common stock or warrants generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s acquisition cost (that is, as discussed above, the portion of the purchase price of a unit allocated to a share of Class A common stock or one-fifth of one warrant or, as discussed below, the U.S. Holder’s initial basis in its shares of Class A common stock received upon exercise of warrants) less, in the case of a share of Class A common stock, any prior distributions treated as a return of capital, as discussed above.
Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the shares of Class A common stock or warrants so disposed of (as applicable) exceeds one year. Long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders may be eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. It is unclear, however, whether the redemption rights with respect to the Class A common stock described in this prospectus may be deemed a limitation of a stockholder’s risk of loss and suspend the running of the applicable holding period for this purpose. If the running of the holding period for the Class A common stock is suspended, U.S. Holders may not be able to satisfy the one-year holding period requirement for long-term capital gain treatment, in which case any gain on a sale or other taxable disposition of the shares or warrants would be subject to short-term capital gain treatment and, in the case of non-corporate U.S. Holders, would be taxed at regular ordinary income tax rates. In addition, the deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Redemption or Repurchase of Class A Common Stock for Cash
In the event that shares of a U.S. Holder’s Class A common stock are redeemed pursuant to the redemption provisions described in this prospectus under the section entitled “Description of Securities — Common Stock” or if we purchase shares of a U.S. Holder’s Class A common stock in an open market transaction, the treatment of the transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on whether the redemption qualifies as a sale of the Class A common stock under Section 302 of the Code. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of common stock, the U.S. Holder will be treated as described under “— Gain or Loss on Sale or Other Taxable Exchange or Disposition of Class A Common Stock or Warrants” above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of common stock, the U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving a distribution from us with the tax consequences described above under “— Tax Characterization of Distributions with Respect to Class A Common Stock.”
Whether a redemption qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares of common stock treated as held by the U.S. Holder (including any shares constructively owned by the U.S. Holder as a result of owning warrants or otherwise) relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after the redemption. The redemption of our Class A common stock generally will be treated as a sale of Class A common stock (rather than as a distribution from us) if the redemption satisfies one of the following tests (which we refer to as the “redemption sale tests”): (i) it is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to the U.S. Holder, (ii) it results in a “complete termination” of the U.S. Holder’s interest in us, or (iii) it is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to the U.S. Holder. In determining whether any of the redemption sale tests is satisfied, a U.S. Holder takes into account not only shares of our stock actually owned by the U.S. Holder, but also shares of our stock that are “constructively” owned by it. A U.S. Holder may constructively own, in addition to shares owned directly, shares owned by certain related individuals and entities in which the U.S. Holder has an interest or that have an interest in such U.S. Holder, as well as any shares the U.S. Holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include the shares of Class A common stock which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of the warrants.
In order to meet the “substantially disproportionate” test, the percentage of our outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder immediately following the redemption of shares of our Class A common stock must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder immediately before the redemption. Prior to our initial business combination, the shares of Class A common stock may not be treated as voting stock for this purpose and, consequently, this substantially disproportionate test may not be applicable. There will be a “complete termination” of a U.S. Holder’s interest if either (i) all of the shares of common stock both actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder are redeemed or (ii) all of the shares of common stock actually owned by the U.S. Holder are redeemed, the U.S. Holder effectively
 
151
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
waives in accordance with specific rules the constructive attribution of stock owned by certain family members, and the U.S. Holder does not constructively own any other shares of common stock (including as a result of owning warrants). The redemption of shares of Class A common stock will not be “essentially equivalent to a dividend” if a U.S. Holder’s redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of the U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances, but the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority stockholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.”
If none of the redemption sale tests is satisfied, the redemption will be treated as a distribution from us and the tax considerations will be as described under “— Tax Characterization of Distributions with Respect to Class A Common Stock,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis of the U.S. Holder in the redeemed shares of Class A common stock will be added to the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its remaining stock, or if it has none, to the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its warrants or possibly in other shares of our stock constructively owned by it. U.S. holders who actually or constructively own five percent (or, if our Class A common stock are not then publicly traded, one percent) or more of our shares of Class A common stock (by vote or value) may be subject to special reporting requirements with respect to a redemption of Class A common stock, and such holders are urged to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to their reporting requirements.
U.S. Holders who actually or constructively own five percent (or if our Class A common stock is not then publicly traded, one percent) or more of our stock (by vote or value) may be subject to special reporting requirements with respect to a redemption of shares of Class A common stock. A U.S. Holder is urged to consult with and rely solely upon its own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of a redemption.
Cash Exercise of a Warrant
A U.S. Holder generally will not recognize gain or loss on the acquisition of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant in exchange for the cash exercise price. The U.S. Holder’s tax basis in shares of Class A common stock received upon exercise of the warrant generally will be an amount equal to the sum of the U.S. Holder’s initial investment in the warrant (i.e., the portion of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price of such warrant. It is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period for shares of Class A common stock received upon exercise of the warrant will commence on the date of exercise of the warrant or the immediately following date. In either case, the holding period will not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the warrant.
Cashless Exercise of a Warrant
The tax characterization of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current tax law. Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax characterizations and resultant tax consequences would be adopted by the IRS or upheld by a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. Holders are urged to consult with and rely solely upon their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise.
A cashless exercise could potentially be characterized as any of the following for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (i) not a realization event at all and thus tax-deferred, (ii) a realization event that qualifies as a tax-deferred “recapitalization,” or (iii) a taxable realization event. While not free from doubt, we intend to treat any cashless exercise of a warrant occurring after our giving notice of an intention to redeem the warrant for cash as described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants” as if we redeemed such warrant for shares in a cashless exchange qualifying as a tax-free recapitalization. However, there is some uncertainty regarding our intended tax treatment, and it is possible that a cashless exercise could be characterized differently. Accordingly, U.S. Holders are urged to consult with and rely solely upon their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise, and the tax consequences of all three characterizations are generally described below.
 
152
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
If a cashless exercise were characterized as either not a realization event or a realization event that qualifies as a recapitalization, the U.S. Holder would not recognize any gain or loss on the exchange of warrants for shares of Class A common stock. A U.S. Holder’s basis in the shares of Class A common stock received would generally equal the holder’s basis in the exchanged warrants. If the cashless exercise were not a realization event, it is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period in the shares of Class A common stock would be treated as commencing on the date of exchange of the warrants or on the immediately following date, but the holding period would not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the warrants. On the other hand, if the cashless exercise were characterized as a realization event that qualifies as a recapitalization, the holding period of the shares of Class A common stock would include the holding period of the warrants.
If the cashless exercise were treated as a realization event that does not qualify as a recapitalization, however, the cashless exercise could be treated in whole or in part as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized by the U.S. Holder. For example, a portion of the warrants to be exercised on a cashless basis could be deemed to have been surrendered in payment of the exercise price of the remaining portion of such warrants, which would be deemed to be exercised. In such a case, a U.S. Holder would effectively be deemed to have sold a number of warrants having an aggregate value equal to the exercise price of the remaining warrants deemed exercised. The U.S. Holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount generally equal to the difference between the value of the portion of the warrants deemed sold and its adjusted tax basis in such warrants (generally as described above under “— Gain or Loss on Sale or Other Taxable Exchange or Disposition of Class A Common Stock or Warrants”), and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the shares of Class A common stock received would generally equal the sum of the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the remaining warrants deemed exercised and the exercise price of such warrants. It is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period for the shares of Class A common stock would commence on the date of exercise of the warrants or on the date following the date of exercise of the warrants, but the holding period would not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the warrants.
Redemption or Repurchase of Warrants for Cash
If we redeem warrants for cash pursuant to the redemption provisions described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants” or if we purchase warrants in an open market transaction, such redemption or purchase generally will be treated as a taxable disposition to the U.S. Holder, taxed as described above under “— Gain or Loss on Sale or Other Taxable Exchange or Disposition of Class A Common Stock or Warrants.”
Expiration of a Warrant
If a warrant is allowed to expire unexercised, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the warrant (i.e., the portion of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”). The deductibility of capital losses is subject to certain limitations.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
Information reporting requirements generally will apply to distributions paid to a U.S. Holder, regardless of whether such distributions constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and to the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of our securities unless the U.S. Holder is an exempt recipient and certifies to such exempt status. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if the U.S. Holder fails to provide a taxpayer identification number or a certification of exempt status or has been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup withholding (and such notification has not been withdrawn).
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the U.S. federal income tax liability (if any) of persons subject to backup withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If backup withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
 
153
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders
This section applies to you if you are a Non-U.S. Holder. The tax characterization of the transactions described herein and the resultant tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders are generally similar to those for U.S. Holders, except as described below.
Tax Characterization of Distributions with Respect to Class A Common Stock
The determination of the extent to which a distribution will constitute a dividend, return of capital or gain from the sale of stock is generally the same for Non-U.S. Holders as described in “— Considerations for U.S. Holders — Tax Characterization of Distributions with Respect to Class A Common Stock.” To the extent a distribution constitutes gain from the sale of shares of Class Common Stock, see “— Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants” below, and to the extent such distribution constitutes a dividend, see “— Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders — Distributions Treated as Dividends.”
Possible Constructive Distributions with Respect to Warrants
The determination for Non-U.S. Holders of whether a constructive distribution from us has occurred as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A common stock for which warrants may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrants in certain events (as discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants”) is generally the same as the determination for U.S. Holders as described in “— Considerations for U.S. Holders — Possible Constructive Distributions with Respect to Warrants.” To the extent such adjustment constitutes a constructive distribution, see “— Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders — Tax Characterization of Distributions with Respect to Class A Common Stock” for the consequences of such characterization. It is possible that any withholding tax on a constructive distribution might be satisfied by us or the applicable withholding agent from other distributions to the Non-U.S. Holder or from proceeds subsequently paid of credited to such holder.
Distributions Treated as Dividends
Subject to the withholding requirements under FATCA (as defined below) and with respect to effectively connected dividends, each of which is discussed below, any distribution treated as a dividend made to a Non-U.S. Holder on shares of Class A common stock generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at the rate of 30% of the gross amount of the distribution (unless an applicable income tax treaty provides for a lower rate). To receive the benefit of a reduced treaty rate, a Non-U.S. Holder must provide the applicable withholding agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable or successor form) certifying qualification for the reduced rate. In the case of any constructive dividend, it is possible that this tax would be withheld from any amount owed to a Non-U.S. Holder by the applicable withholding agent, including cash distributions on other property or sale proceeds from warrants or other property subsequently paid or credited to such holder.
Dividends paid to a Non-U.S. Holder that are effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States (and if required by an applicable income tax treaty, that are treated as attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States) generally will be taxed on a net income basis at the rates and in the manner generally applicable to United States persons. Such effectively connected dividends will not be subject to U.S. withholding tax if the Non-U.S. Holder satisfies certain certification requirements by providing the applicable withholding agent with a properly executed IRS Form W-8ECI certifying eligibility for exemption. If the Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it may also be subject to a branch profits tax (at a 30% rate or such lower rate as specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on its effectively connected earnings and profits (as adjusted for certain items), which will include effectively connected dividends.
Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants
Subject to the discussion below under “— Information Reporting and Backup Withholding,” a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any gain
 
154
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
realized upon the sale or other disposition of shares of Class A common stock or our warrants (which would include a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period), unless:
•
the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for a period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the calendar year in which the sale or disposition occurs and certain other conditions are met;
•
such gain is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States (and if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is treated as attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States); or
•
shares of Class A common stock and warrants constitute United States real property interests by reason of our status as a “United States real property holding corporation” (a “USRPHC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and as a result, such gain is treated as effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States.
A Non-U.S. Holder described in the first bullet point above will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate as specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on the amount of such gain, which generally may be offset by U.S. source capital losses.
A Non-U.S. Holder whose gain is described in the second bullet point above or, subject to the exceptions described in the next paragraph, the third bullet point above, generally will be taxed on a net income basis at the rates and in the manner generally applicable to United States persons unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise. If the Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes whose gain is described in the second bullet point above, such gain would also be included in its effectively connected earnings and profits (as adjusted for certain items), which may be subject to a branch profits tax (at a 30% rate or such lower rate as provided under an applicable income tax treaty).
Generally, a corporation is a USRPHC if the fair market value of its United States property interests equals or exceeds 50% of the sum of the fair market value of its worldwide real property interests and its other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Although we do not believe we currently are a USRPHC, we cannot determine whether we will be a USRPHC in the future until we complete an initial business combination. If we were to become a USRPHC, as long as shares of Class A common stock are or continue to be “regularly traded on an established securities market” (within the meaning of the U.S. Treasury regulations, referred to herein as “regularly traded”), a Non-U.S. Holder that actually or constructively owns, or owned at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of the disposition or the Non-U.S. Holder’s holding period for the applicable security, (i) more than 5% of the shares of Class A common stock or (ii) more than 5% of the warrants, provided the warrants are considered to be regularly traded, as applicable, will be treated as disposing of a United States real property interest and will be taxable on gain realized on the disposition thereof as a result of our status as a USRPHC. It is unclear how a Non-U.S. Holder’s ownership of warrants will affect the determination of whether such Non-U.S. Holder owns more than 5% of the shares of Class A common stock. In addition, special rules may apply in the case of a disposition of warrants if shares of Class A common stock are considered to be regularly traded, but such warrants are not considered to be regularly traded. We can provide no assurance as to our future status as a USRPHC or as to whether shares of Class A common stock or warrants will be treated as regularly traded. If we were to become a USRPHC and shares of Class A common stock were not considered to be regularly traded on an established securities market, a Non-U.S. Holder (regardless of the percentage of stock or warrants owned) would be treated as disposing of a United States real property interest and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a taxable disposition of shares of Class A common stock, units, and warrants (as described in the preceding paragraph), and a 15% withholding tax would generally apply to the gross proceeds from such disposition.
Non-U.S. Holders are urged to consult with and rely solely upon their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences related to ownership in a USRPHC.
Redemption or Repurchase of Class A Common Stock for Cash
The characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of a Non-U.S. Holder’s shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the redemption provisions described in the section of this
 
155
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Common Stock” generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of such a redemption of a U.S. Holder’s shares of Class A common stock, as described under “— Considerations for U.S. Holders — Redemption or Repurchase of Class A Common Stock for Cash” above, and the consequences of the redemption to the Non-U.S. Holder will correspond to that described above in “— Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders — Distributions Treated as Dividends” and “— Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale or Other Taxable Exchange or Disposition of shares of Class A Common Stock or Warrants” accordingly. It is possible that because the applicable withholding agent may not be able to determine the proper characterization of a redemption of a Non-U.S. Holder’s shares of Class A common stock, the withholding agent might treat the redemption as a distribution subject to withholding tax.
Exercise or Redemption of a Warrant
The U.S. federal income tax characterization of a Non-U.S. Holder’s exercise of a warrant generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of the exercise of a warrant by a U.S. Holder, as described under “— Considerations for U.S. Holders — Cash Exercise of a Warrant” or “— Considerations for U.S. Holders — Cashless Exercise of a Warrant” above, as the case may be. To the extent a cashless exercise is characterized as a taxable exchange, the consequences would be similar to those described above in “— Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale or Other Taxable Exchange or Disposition of Class A Common Stock or Warrants.” The U.S. federal income tax treatment for a Non-U.S. Holder of a redemption of warrants for cash described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants” (or if we purchase warrants in an open market transaction) generally will correspond to that described above in “— Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants.”
Expiration of a Warrant
The U.S. federal income tax characterization of the expiration of a warrant held by a Non-U.S. Holder generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of the expiration of a warrant by a U.S. Holder, as described above in “— Considerations for U.S. Holders — Expiration of a Warrant.”
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
Any distribution paid to a Non-U.S. Holder, regardless of whether such distributions constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes, must be reported annually to the IRS and to the Non-U.S. Holder. Copies of these information returns may be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which the Non-U.S. Holder resides or is established. Payments of dividends to a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to backup withholding if the Non-U.S. Holder establishes an exemption by properly certifying its non-U.S. status on an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable or successor form).
Payments of the proceeds from a sale or other disposition by a Non-U.S. Holder of our units, Class A common stock and warrants effected by or through a U.S. office of a broker generally will be subject to information reporting and backup withholding (at the applicable rate) unless the Non-U.S. Holder establishes an exemption by properly certifying its non-U.S. status on an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable or successor form) and certain other conditions are met. Information reporting and backup withholding generally will not apply to any payment of the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our units, Class A common stock and warrants effected outside the United States by a non-U.S. office of a broker. However, unless such broker has documentary evidence in its records that the Non-U.S. Holder is not a United States person and certain other conditions are met, or the Non-U.S. Holder otherwise establishes an exemption, information reporting will apply to a payment of the proceeds of the disposition of our common stock effected outside the United States by such a broker if it has certain relationships within the United States.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the U.S. federal income tax liability (if any) of persons subject to backup withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If backup withholding
 
156
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund generally may be obtained, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
Additional Withholding Requirements under FATCA
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, and the U.S. Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (“FATCA”), impose a 30% withholding tax on any dividends (including constructive dividends) paid on our securities if paid to a “foreign financial institution” or a “non-financial foreign entity” (each as defined in the Code) (including, in some cases, when such foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity is acting as an intermediary), unless (i) in the case of a foreign financial institution, such institution enters into an agreement with the U.S. government to withhold on certain payments, and to collect and provide to the U.S. tax authorities substantial information regarding U.S. account holders of such institution (which includes certain equity and debt holders of such institution, as well as certain account holders that are non-U.S. entities with U.S. owners), (ii) in the case of a non-financial foreign entity, such entity certifies that it does not have any “substantial United States owners” (as defined in the Code) or provides the applicable withholding agent with a certification identifying the direct and indirect substantial United States owners of the entity (in either case, generally on an IRS Form W-8BEN-E), or (iii) the foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules and provides appropriate documentation (such as an IRS Form W-8BEN-E). Foreign financial institutions located in jurisdictions that have an intergovernmental agreement with the United States governing these rules may be subject to different rules. Under certain circumstances, a holder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. Prospective investors are urged to consult with and rely solely upon their own tax advisors regarding the effects of FATCA on an investment in our units, Class A common stock or warrants.
INVESTORS CONSIDERING THE PURCHASE OF OUR SECURITIES ARE URGED TO CONSULT WITH AND RELY SOLELY UPON THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AND THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY OTHER TAX LAWS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, U.S. FEDERAL ESTATE AND GIFT TAX LAWS AND ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. TAX LAWS AND TAX TREATIES.
 
157
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
UNDERWRITING (CONFLICT OF INTEREST)
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC is acting as a joint bookrunner and representative of the underwriters and Apollo Global Securities, LLC and Barclays Capital Inc. are acting as joint bookrunners of the offering. Subject to the terms and conditions stated in the underwriting agreement dated the date of this prospectus, each underwriter named below has severally agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to that underwriter, the number of units set forth opposite the underwriter’s name:
Underwriter
Number of
Units
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
[      ]
Apollo Global Securities, LLC
[      ]
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
[      ]
Barclays Capital Inc.
[      ]
Evercore Group L.L.C.
[      ]
Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC
[      ]
Total
40,000,000
The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the units included in this offering are subject to approval of legal matters by counsel and to other conditions. The underwriters are obligated to purchase all of the units (other than those covered by the over-allotment option described below) if they purchase any of the units.
Units sold by the underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the initial public offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. If all of the units are not sold at the initial offering price, the underwriters may change the offering price and the other selling terms. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC has advised us that the underwriters do not intend to make sales to discretionary accounts.
If the underwriters sell more units than the total number set forth in the table above, we have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to 6,000,000 additional units at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments, if any, in connection with this offering. To the extent the option is exercised, each underwriter must purchase a number of additional units approximately proportionate to that underwriter’s initial purchase commitment. Any units issued or sold under the option will be issued and sold on the same terms and conditions as the other units that are the subject of this offering.
We, our sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, for a period of 180 days from the date of this prospectus, we and they will not, without the prior written consent of Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any units, warrants, Class A common stock or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Class A common stock; provided, however, that we may (i) issue and sell the private placement warrants, (ii) issue and sell the additional units to cover our underwriters’ over-allotment option (if any), (iii) register with the SEC pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of this offering, the resale of the founder shares and the private placement warrants or the warrants and shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and (iv) issue securities in connection with our initial business combination. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC in its sole discretion may release any of the securities subject to these lock-up agreements at any time without notice.
Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property (except as described herein under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”). Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up.
 
158
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up.
The private placement warrants (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”).
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our securities. Consequently, the initial public offering price for the units was determined by negotiations between us and the representative.
The determination of our per unit offering price was more arbitrary than would typically be the case if we were an operating company. Among the factors considered in determining the initial public offering price were the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies, prior offerings of those companies, our management, our capital structure, and currently prevailing general conditions in equity securities markets, including current market valuations of publicly traded companies considered comparable to our company. We cannot assure you, however, that the price at which the units, Class A common stock or warrants will sell in the public market after this offering will not be lower than the initial public offering price or that an active trading market in our units, Class A common stock or warrants will develop and continue after this offering.
We intend to apply to have our units listed on the NYSE, and if approved, we expect our units to be listed on the NYSE under the symbol “ACRO.U” commencing on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on the NYSE. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on the NYSE under the symbols “ACRO” and “ACRO WS”, respectively.
The following table shows the underwriting discounts and commissions that we are to pay to the underwriters in connection with this offering. These amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
Paid by Acropolis Infrastructure
Acquisition Corp.
No Exercise
Full Exercise
Per Unit(1)
$ 0.55 $ 0.55
Total(1) $ 22,000,000 $ 25,300,000
(1)
Includes $0.35 per unit, or $14,000,000 in the aggregate (or $16,100,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein and released to the underwriters only upon the consummation of an initial business combination.
If we do not consummate an initial business combination within the completion window, the underwriters have each agreed that (i) it will forfeit any rights or claims to its deferred discounts and commissions, including any accrued interest thereon, then in the trust account and (ii) that the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions will be distributed on a pro rata basis, together with any accrued interest thereon (which interest will be net of taxes paid or payable) to the public stockholders.
In connection with the offering, the underwriters may purchase and sell units in the open market. Purchases and sales in the open market may include short sales, purchases to cover short positions, which may include purchases pursuant to the over-allotment option, and stabilizing purchases.
•
Short sales involve secondary market sales by the underwriters of a greater number of units than they are required to purchase in the offering.
•
“Covered” short sales are sales of units in an amount up to the number of units represented by the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
 
159
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
•
“Naked” short sales are sales of units in an amount in excess of the number of units represented by the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
•
Covering transactions involve purchases of units either pursuant to the over-allotment option or in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions.
•
To close a naked short position, the underwriters must purchase units in the open market after the distribution has been completed. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in the offering.
•
To close a covered short position, the underwriters must purchase units in the open market after the distribution has been completed or must exercise the over-allotment option. In determining the source of units to close the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the over-allotment option.
•
Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase units so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum.
Purchases to cover short positions and stabilizing purchases, as well as other purchases by the underwriters for their own accounts, may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the units. They may also cause the price of the units to be higher than the price that would otherwise exist in the open market in the absence of these transactions. The underwriters may conduct these transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. If the underwriters commence any of these transactions, they may discontinue them at any time.
We estimate that the total expenses of this offering payable by us will be $2,000,000, excluding underwriting discounts and commissions.
We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make because of any of those liabilities. We have also agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with the offering in an amount not to exceed $25,000.
We are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, any of the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering and we may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination.
Some of the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with us or our affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
Conflict of Interest
Because our sponsor, an affiliate of Apollo Global Securities, LLC, an underwriter of this offering, beneficially owns substantially all of our outstanding common stock prior to the consummation of this
 
160
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
offering, is deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the applicable provisions of FINRA Rule 5121. FINRA Rule 5121 prohibits from making sales to discretionary accounts without the prior written approval of the account holder and requires that a “qualified independent underwriter,” as defined in FINRA Rule 5121, participate in the preparation of the registration statement and exercise its usual standards of due diligence with respect thereto. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC is assuming the responsibilities of acting as the qualified independent underwriter in this offering and is undertaking the legal responsibilities and liabilities of an underwriter under the Securities Act, which specifically include those inherent in Section 11 thereunder. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC will not receive any additional fees for serving as “qualified independent underwriter” in connection with this offering. In addition, two of our officers are associated with Apollo Global Securities, LLC or its affiliates.
Our sponsor, an affiliate of Apollo Global Securities, LLC, has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 7,866,667 private placement warrants (or 8,866,667 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ overallotment option to purchase additional units is exercised in full), at $1.50 per private placement warrant (for a total purchase price of $11.8 million, or $13.3 million aggregate if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units is exercised in full), with each private placement warrant exercisable for one Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. A portion of the purchase price of the private placement warrants will be added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the trust account described herein. In addition, if our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors make any working capital loans, up to $1,500,000 of such loans made to us may be converted into warrants, at the price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.
The private placement warrants and the warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the working capital loans have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), commencing on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be sold during the offering, or sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part or commencement of sales of the public offering, except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners; provided that all securities so transferred remain subject to the lockup restriction above for the remainder of the time period. In addition, the private placement warrants purchased by our sponsor will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), as long as our sponsor or any of its related persons beneficially own such private placement warrants. We have granted the holders of private placement warrants the registration rights as described under the section “Principal Stockholders — Registration Rights.” As described under the section “Principal Stockholders — Registration Rights,” Apollo may not exercise its demand and “piggyback” registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Canada
The units may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the units must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser
 
161
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts, or NI 33-105, the underwriter is not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each an “EEA State”), no units have been offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to the public in that EEA State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units which has been approved by the competent authority in that EEA State or, where appropriate, approved in another EEA State and notified to the competent authority in that EEA State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation), except that it may make an offer to the public in that EEA State of any units at any time under the following exemptions under the EU Prospectus Regulation:
•
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the EU Prospectus Regulation;
•
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC for any such offer; or
•
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of the units shall require the Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to the units in any EEA State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any units, and the expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom
In relation to the United Kingdom, no units have been offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to the public in the United Kingdom prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the UK Prospectus Regulation, except that it may make an offer to the public in the United Kingdom of any units at any time under the following exemptions under the UK Prospectus Regulation:
•
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the UK Prospectus Regulation;
•
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representatives for any such offer; or
•
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of the units shall require the Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
In the United Kingdom, the offering is only addressed to, and is directed only at, “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the UK Prospectus Regulation, who are also (i) persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of “investment professionals” in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); (ii) high net worth bodies corporate, unincorporated associations and partnerships
 
162
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
and trustees of high value trusts as described in Article 49(2) of the Order; or (iii) persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons being referred to as “relevant persons”). This document must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to the units in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offering and any units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any units, and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre
This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no responsibility for the prospectus. The securities to which this prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia
No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), in relation to the offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”), and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act.
Any offer in Australia of the securities may only be made to persons (the “Exempt Investors”) who are “sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the securities without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.
The securities applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring securities must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions. This prospectus contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland
The units may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the units to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the units constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA,
 
163
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
and neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the units may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Notice to Prospective Investors in France
Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or by the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and notified to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The units have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units has been or will be:
•
released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or
•
used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the units to the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only:
•
to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier;
•
to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or
•
in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2-II-1°-or-2°-or 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public à l’épargne).
The units may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong
The units may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the units may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to units which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan
The units and underlying shares of Class A common stock and warrants have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or for the benefit of any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person, except in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines promulgated by relevant Japanese governmental or regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” will mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore
This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or
 
164
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the units may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the units be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to compliance with conditions set forth in the SFA.
Where the units are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
•
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
•
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor,
shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust will not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
•
to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA;
•
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or
•
where the transfer is by operation of law.
Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the units are (A) prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (B) Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
LEGAL MATTERS
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, New York, New York, is acting as counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act, and as such, will pass upon the validity of the securities offered in this prospectus. In connection with this offering, Latham & Watkins LLP, New York, New York, is acting as counsel to the underwriters.
EXPERTS
The financial statements of Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. as of December 31, 2020 and for the period August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, have been audited by WithumSmith+Brown, PC, independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is incorporated herein. Such financial statements have been incorporated herein in reliance on the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information
 
165
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.
Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
 
166
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ACROPOLIS INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
(formerly known as AP Caps III., Corp.)
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-2
Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2020
F-3
Statement of Operations for the period from August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020
F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity for the period from August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020
F-5
Statement of Cash Flows for the period from August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020
F-6
Notes to Financial Statements
F-7
 
F-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholder and the Board of Directors of
Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the “PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020.
New York, New York
February 26, 2021
 
F-2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ACROPOLIS INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
(formerly known as AP Caps III, Corp.)
BALANCE SHEET
December 31,
2020
ASSETS
Due from Sponsor
$ 25,000
Deferred offering costs
57,900
Total assets
$ 82,900
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
Current liabilities: Accrued offering costs
$ 57,900
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholder’s equity (deficit):
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
—
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding
—
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, 199,000,000 shares authorized, 11,500,000 shares issued and outstanding﻿(1)(2)
1,150
Additional paid-in capital
24,315
Accumulated deficit
(465
)
Total stockholder’s equity
25,000
Total liabilities and stockholder’s equity
$ 82,900
(1)
This number includes up to 1,500,000 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters.
(2)
Share amounts for the period from August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 have been retroactively restated to account for the stock reclassification as discussed in Note 5.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ACROPOLIS INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
(formerly known as AP Caps III, Corp.)
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
For the Period from
August 27, 2020
(inception) through
December 31,
2020
REVENUE
$ —
EXPENSES
Formation and operating costs
465
TOTAL EXPENSES
465
Net loss
$ (465
)
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted(1)(2)
10,000,000
Basic and diluted net loss per share
$ (0.00
)
(1)
This number excludes up to 1,500,000 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters.
(2)
Share amounts for the period from August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 have been retroactively restated to account for the stock reclassification as discussed in Note 5.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ACROPOLIS INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
(formerly known as AP Caps III, Corp.)
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
Class B
Common Stock(1)(2)
Additional
Paid-in
Capital
Accumulated
Deficit
Stockholder’s
Equity
Shares
Amount
Balance as of August 27, 2020 (inception)
— $ — $ — $ — $ —
Issuance of Class B common stock to
Sponsor
11,500,000 1,150 23,850 — 25,000
Capital contributions
— — 465 — 465
Net loss
— — — (465
)
(465
)
Balance as of December 31, 2020
11,500,000 $ 1,150 $ 24,315 $ (465
)
$ 25,000
(1)
This number includes up to 1,500,000 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters.
(2)
Share amounts for the period from August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 have been retroactively restated to account for the stock reclassification as discussed in Note 5.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ACROPOLIS INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
(formerly known as AP Caps III, Corp.)
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the Period from
August 27, 2020
(inception) through
December 31,
2020
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
Net loss
$ (465
)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Formation and operating costs paid by related parties
465
Net Cash Used In Operating Activities
—
Net change in cash
—
Cash at beginning of period
—
Cash at end of period
$ —
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities:
Operating costs paid by related party which were recorded as contributed capital
$ 465
Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs
$ 57,900
Due from Sponsor
$ 25,000
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ACROPOLIS INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
(formerly known as AP Caps III, Corp)
Notes to Financial Statements
1.
Description of Organization and Business Operations
Organization and General
Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. (formerly known as AP Caps III, Corp) (the “Company”) was initially incorporated in the State of Delaware on August 27, 2020 under the name of AP Caps III, Corp. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Initial Business Combination”). The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). On February 22, 2021, the Company formally changed its name to Apollo Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. On February 23, 2021, the Company formally changed its name to Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. The Company has chosen December 31st as its fiscal year end.
At December 31, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from August 27, 2020 through December 31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering (the “Proposed Public Offering”) described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of its Initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the net proceeds derived from the Proposed Public Offering.
Sponsor and Proposed Financing
The Company’s sponsor is Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the “Sponsor”). The Company intends to finance its Initial Business Combination with proceeds from the $400,000,000 initial public offering of Units (as defined below) (or $460,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (Note 3) and a $11,000,000 private placement (or $12,200,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering and the private placement, $400,000,000 (or $460,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (Note 3) will be placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”) (discussed below).
The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through the Proposed Public Offering of 40,000,000 units at $10.00 per unit (or 46,000,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (“Units” and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”) which is discussed in Note 3 and the sale of 7,333,333 warrants (or 8,133,333 warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (“Private Placement Warrants”) at a price of  $1.50 per warrant in a private placement to the Company’s Sponsor that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Public Offering.
Trust Account
The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of one hundred eighty-five (185) days or less or in money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account proceeds as described below. The remaining proceeds outside the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses.
The Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay our tax obligations (the “Permitted Withdrawals”), and up to $100,000 of
 
F-7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
interest to pay dissolution expenses none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earliest of: (i) the completion of the Initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any shares of Class A common stock included in the Units (the “Public Shares”) sold in the Proposed Public Offering that have been properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem 100% of such Public Shares if it has not consummated an Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or 27 months from the closing of this offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for an Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering but have not completed the Initial Business Combination within such 24-month period (the “Completion Window”); or (iii) the redemption of 100% of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company’s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company’s public stockholders.
Initial Business Combination
The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating an Initial Business Combination. The Initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Initial Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination.
The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for an Initial Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their Public Shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Initial Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Company to make Permitted Withdrawals, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Company to make Permitted Withdrawals. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their Public Shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval, unless a vote is required by law or under New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its Initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination, subject to any greater or additional vote required by applicable law or any rule or regulation applicable to us or our securities. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Initial Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Initial Business Combination.
If the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with an Initial Business Combination, a stockholder will have the right to redeem his, her or its Public Shares for an amount in cash equal to his, her or its pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to make Permitted Withdrawals. As a result, such Public Shares are recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 480, “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.”
 
F-8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Pursuant to the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if the Company is unable to complete the Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to make Permitted Withdrawals (less up to $100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined below) held by them if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window. However, if the Sponsor or any of the Company’s directors, officers or affiliates acquire shares of Class A common stock in or after the Proposed Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period.
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after an Initial Business Combination, the Company’s stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of common stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. The Company’s stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that the Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination, subject to the limitations described herein.
2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying financial statements of the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).
In connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU 2014-15, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern”, as of December 31, 2020, the Company does not have sufficient liquidity to meet its current obligations. However, management has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsor entity (See Note 5) that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the earlier of the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering or a minimum one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements.
Emerging Growth Company
The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
Further, section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
 
F-9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Financial Instruments
The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020.
Deferred Offering Costs associated with the Proposed Public Offering
The Company complies with the requirements of FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) Topic 5A — “Expenses of Offering.” Deferred offering costs consist of costs incurred in connection with preparation for the Proposed Public Offering. These costs, together with the underwriting discounts and commissions, will be charged to additional paid in capital upon completion of the Proposed Public Offering or charged to operations if the Proposed Public Offering is not completed. At December 31, 2020, the Company had deferred offering costs of $57,900.
Income Taxes
The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of, December 31, 2020. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
The provision for income taxes was deemed to be de minimis for the period from August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. The Company’s deferred tax assets were deemed to be de minimis as of December 31, 2020.
 
F-10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock
Net loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding during the period, plus, to the extent dilutive, the incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock method. At December 31, 2020, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted loss per share of common stock is the same as basic loss per share of common stock for the period presented.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The Company’s management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.
3.
Proposed Public Offering
Pursuant to the Proposed Public Offering, the Company intends to offer for sale 40,000,000 Units (or 46,000,000 Units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $10.00 per unit (the “Units”). Each Unit will consist of one share of Class A common stock and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Additionally, the Sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 7,333,333 warrants (or 8,133,333 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.50 per warrant in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Public Offering.
4.
Private Placement
In connection with the Proposed Public Offering, the Sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 7,333,333 Private Placement Warrants (or 8,133,333 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at $1.50 per warrant ($11,000,000 in the aggregate or $12,200,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant will be exercisable to purchase one share of the Company’s shares of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants will be added to the proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. If the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the required redemption of the Company’s Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless (see Note 7). The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors will agree, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination.
5.
Related Party Transactions
Founder Shares
In August 2020, the Company was formed by Laurie D. Medley as the incorporator. In August 2020, Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. subscribed for 1,990 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock for $19.90 and in December 2020 the Company transferred 1,990 shares of Class B common stock to Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. On February 22, 2021, the Company completed a stock reclassification of its Class B common stock and, as a result, 11,500,000 shares of the Company’s shares of Class B common stock were outstanding (the “Founder Shares”). The share amounts for the period August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 have been retroactively restated to account for the stock reclassification. The Founder Shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the Proposed Public Offering except that the Founder Shares are shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company’s Initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail
 
F-11
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
below. Up to 1,500,000 Founder Shares will be subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters, if at all. The number of Founder Shares the initial stockholders was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the Proposed Public Offering would be a maximum of 46,000,000 Units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option was exercised in full, and therefore that such Founder Shares would represent 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Proposed Public Offering. If the Company increases or decreases the size of the Proposed Public Offering, the Company will effect a stock dividend or stock contribution (or other similar action) back to capital, as applicable, immediately prior to the completion of the Proposed Public Offering in such amount as to maintain the Founder Shares at a number equal to 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Proposed Public Offering.
The holders of the Founder Shares agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Initial Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Due from Sponsor
At December 31, 2020, the Company had $25,000 due from the Sponsor, which represented the remaining amount owed in exchange for the issuance of Class B common stock to the Sponsor which will be fully funded by the Sponsor.
Related Party Loans
On February 24, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $750,000 to cover expenses related to the Proposed Public Offering pursuant to an unsecured promissory note (the “Note”). This Note bears interest at a rate of 0.12% per annum and is payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing date of the Proposed Public Offering. As of December 31, 2020, the Company has not borrowed on the Note.
Advances from Related Party
An affiliate of the Sponsor paid certain formation and operating costs on behalf of the Company. These advances are recorded as contributed capital in the accompanying financial statements. During the period, August 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, the related party paid $465 of formation and operating expenses on behalf of the Company.
Administrative Support Agreement
Commencing on the date the Units are first listed on the NYSE, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of $16,667 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to 27 months. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company’s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.
6.
Commitments and Contingencies
Registration Rights
The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to
 
F-12
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
demand that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of an Initial Business Combination. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Underwriting Agreement
The Company will grant the underwriters a 30-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 6,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Proposed Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
The underwriters will be entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per unit, or $8,000,000 in the aggregate (or $9,200,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.35 per unit, or $14,000,000 in the aggregate (or $16,100,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement for the offering.
Risks and Uncertainties
Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
7.
Stockholder’s Equity
Preferred Stock
The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. At December 31, 2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.
Common Stock
The authorized shares of common stock of the Company include 800,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share and 199,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. If the Company enters into an Initial Business Combination, it may (depending on the terms of such an Initial Business Combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which the Company is authorized to issue at the same time as the Company’s stockholders vote on the Initial Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with the Initial Business Combination. Holders of the Company’s shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock. There are 11,500,000 Founder Shares issued and outstanding, of which 1,500,000 will be subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of completion of the Initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in this offering and related to the closing of the Initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock will
 
F-13
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination).
Warrants
Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of an Initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company’s shares of common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under the Securities Act, the Company, at its option, may require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of an Initial Business Combination or earlier upon the Company’s redemption or liquidation.
The Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or such purchasers’ permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
The Company may redeem the Public Warrants:
•
in whole and not in part;
•
at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
•
upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption; and
•
if, and only if, the last reported closing price of the Company’s shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
•
if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day trading period referred to above.
 
F-14
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as will be described in the warrant agreement.
The exercise price and number of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of shares of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.
8.
Subsequent Events
Management has evaluated subsequent events to determine if events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date through February 26, 2021, require potential adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements. Management did not identify any other subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.
 
F-15
TABLE OF CONTENTS
$400,000,000
40,000,000 Units
ACROPOLIS INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
, 2021
Credit SuisseApollo Global Securities Citigroup Barclays
Evercore ISI
Siebert Williams Shank
Until                 , 2021 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our Class A common stock, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
PART II
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
Item 13.   Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discounts and commissions) will be as follows:
SEC expenses
$ 50,186
FINRA expenses
69,500
Accounting fees and expenses
40,000
Printing and engraving expenses
35,000
Travel and road show expenses
5,000
Directors’ & Officers’ liability insurance premiums(1)
1,000,000
Legal fees and expenses
500,000
NYSE listing and filing fees
85,000
Miscellaneous
215,314
Total
$ 2,000,000
(1)
This amount represents the approximate amount of annual director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following the completion of its initial public offering and until it completes a business combination.
Item 14.   Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that all of our directors, officers, employees and agents shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL.
Section 145 of the DGCL concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below.
Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance.
(a)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful.
(b)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
 
II-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
(c)
(1) To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. For indemnification with respect to any act or omission occurring after December 31, 2020, references to “officer” for purposes of this paragraphs (c)(1) and (2) of this section shall mean only a person who at the time of such act or omission is deemed to have consented to service by the delivery of process to the registered agent of the corporation pursuant to § 3114(b) of Title 10 (for purposes of this sentence only, treating residents of this State as if they were nonresidents to apply § 3114(b) of Title 10 to this sentence). (2) The corporation may indemnify any other person who is not a present or former director or officer of the corporation against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person to the extent he or she has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein.
(d)
Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer of the corporation at the time of such determination; (1) By a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum; or (2) By a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum; or (3) If there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or (4) By the stockholders.
(e)
Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director of the corporation in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents of the corporation or by persons serving at the request of the corporation as directors, officers, employees or agents of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate.
(f)
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to or repeal or elimination of the
 
II-2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
certificate of incorporation or the bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred.
(g)
A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section.
(h)
For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
(i)
For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section.
(j)
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
(k)
The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
In accordance with Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that no director shall be personally liable to us or any of our stockholders for
 
II-3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
monetary damages resulting from breaches of his or her fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the DGCL or unless he or she violated his or her duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from his or her action as a director. The effect of this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is to eliminate our rights and those of our stockholders (through stockholders’ derivative suits on our behalf) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director, including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except as restricted by Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL. However, this provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights of any stockholder to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director’s duty of care.
If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the liability of directors, then, in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation limiting or eliminating the liability of directors, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors on a retroactive basis.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that we will, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, indemnify our current and former officers and directors, as well as those persons who, while directors or officers of our corporation, are or were serving as directors, officers, employees or agents of another entity, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in connection with any threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by any such person in connection with any such proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person eligible for indemnification pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will be indemnified by us in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such proceeding was authorized by our board of directors, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses.
The right to indemnification conferred by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is a contract right that includes the right to be paid by us the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding referenced above in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by our officer or director (solely in the capacity as an officer or director of our corporation) will be made only upon delivery to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such officer or director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or otherwise.
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which any person covered by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may have or hereafter acquire under law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also permit us, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other that those specifically covered by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
 
II-4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Our bylaws include the provisions relating to advancement of expenses and indemnification rights consistent with those set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In addition, our bylaws provide for a right of indemnitee to bring a suit in the event a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses is not paid in full by us within a specified period of time. Our bylaws also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect us and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of our corporation or another entity, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.
Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our bylaws affecting indemnification rights, whether by our board of directors, stockholders or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision.
We will enter into indemnification agreements with each of our officers and directors a form of which is to be filed as an exhibit to this Registration Statement. We may purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.
We believe that these provisions, the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.
Item 15.   Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase from us an aggregate of 7,333,333 (or 8,133,333 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants at $1.50 per warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of $11.0 million (or $12.2 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full)). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The sole business of our sponsor is to act as our sponsor in connection with this offering.
No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
Item 16.   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a)
The list of exhibits immediately preceding the signature page of this registration statement is incorporated herein by reference.
(b)
See page F-1 for an index to the financial statements and schedules included in the registration statement.
Item 17.   Undertakings.
(a)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
(b)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
 
II-5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
(c)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
(1)
For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
(2)
For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
(3)
For the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior effective date.
(4)
For the purpose of determining liability of a registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of an undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:
(i)
Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;
(ii)
Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by an undersigned registrant;
(iii)
The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and
(iv)
Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.
 
II-6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
EXHIBIT INDEX
Exhibit
Number
Description
1.1 Form of Underwriting Agreement.**
3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant.**
3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant.**
3.3 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant.**
3.4 Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws. **
4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate.**
4.2 Specimen Stock Certificate.**
4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate.**
4.4 Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.**
5.1 Opinion of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, counsel to the Registrant. *
10.1 Promissory Note, dated February 24, 2021, by and between Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. as the maker and Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. as the payee.*
10.2 Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant and its officers and directors and sponsor.**
10.3 Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.**
10.4 Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain security holders.**
10.5 Form of Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and sponsor. **
10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement.**
10.7 Form of Administrative Services Agreement between the Registrant and sponsor.**
23.1
Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC.*
23.2 Consent of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).*
24 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Registration Statement).*
99.1
Consent of Theresa M.H. Wise.*
99.2
Consent of Curtis Morgan.*
99.3
Consent of David Small.*
*
Filed herewith.
**
To be filed by amendment.
 
II-7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the New York City, New York, on the 17th day of March, 2021.
Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp.
By:
/s/ Geoffrey Strong
Name:
Geoffrey Strong
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
Power of Attorney
KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Geoffrey Strong and James Crossen his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments including post-effective amendments to this registration statement and any and all registration statements filed pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Name
Position
Date
/s/ Geoffrey Strong
Geoffrey Strong
Chief Executive Officer and Director
(Principal Executive Officer)
March 17, 2021
/s/ James Crossen
James Crossen
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
March 17, 2021
/s/ Dylan Foo
Dylan Foo
Director
March 17, 2021
 
II-8