S-1 1 tm215738-2_s1.htm S-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2021.
Registration No. 333-
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM S-1
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
6770
86-155316
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
(Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
777 Third Avenue, 25th Floor
New York, New York 10017
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
David Schiff
777 Third Avenue, 25th Floor
New York, New York 10017
(212) 698-4580
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
Copies to:
Douglas S. Ellenoff
Stuart Neuhauser
Joshua N. Englard
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10105
(212) 370-1300
Paul D. Tropp
Ropes & Gray LLP
1211 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10036
(212) 596-9000
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ☐
If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of  “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☒ Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐
CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
Title of Each Class of
Security Being Registered
Amount
Being
Registered
Proposed
Maximum
Offering Price
Per Security(1)
Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering Price(1)
Amount Of
Registration
Fee
Shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value(2)
20,125,000 Shares
$ 10.00 $ 201,250,000 $ 21,957
Total $ 201,250,000 $ 21,957
(1)
Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee.
(2)
Pursuant to Rule 416, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.
The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION
DATED APRIL 6, 2021
Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.
$175,000,000
17,500,000 Shares of Class A Common Stock
Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to initially focus our search on identifying a prospective target business in the life sciences sector.
This is an initial public offering of our shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which we refer to as our public shares, at an initial public offering price per share of  $10.00. The underwriters have a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 2,625,000 additional shares of our Class A common stock to cover over-allotments, if any. Unlike many other SPAC IPOs, investors in this offering will not receive warrants that would become exercisable following completion of our initial business combination.
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account described below as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem 100% of the public shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and certain conditions as further described herein.
Our sponsor, Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, which we refer to as our sponsor, and one or more funds managed by Millennium Management LLC, which we refer to as our direct anchor investor throughout this prospectus, have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of up to 585,000 private placement shares (or up to 637,500 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of  $10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $5,850,000 (or $6,375,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor will purchase 526,500 shares (or 579,000 shares if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares is exercised in full) and our direct anchor investor will purchase 58,500 shares.
Our direct anchor investor, as well as certain members of our sponsor including funds managed by Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, Teacher Retirement System of Texas and Corbin Capital Partners, L.P., which we refer to collectively as our indirect anchor investors throughout this prospectus, and which we refer to collectively with the direct anchor investor as our anchor investors, have expressed to us an interest to purchase an aggregate of approximately 39% of the shares in this offering at the offering price and we have agreed to direct the underwriters to sell to the anchor investors such amount of shares. For a discussion of certain additional arrangements with our anchor investors, see “Summary—The Offering—Expressions of Interest.”
Our initial stockholders currently own an aggregate of 5,031,250 shares of Class B common stock (up to 656,250 shares of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised), which will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to the adjustments described herein.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Currently, there is no public market for our Class A common stock. We have applied to have our shares of Class A common stock listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “ILAC” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq.
We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 27 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
Per Share
Total
Public offering price $ 10.00 $ 175,000,000
Underwriting discounts and commissions(1) $ 0.55 $ 9,625,000
Proceeds, before expenses, to us $ 9.45 $ 165,375,000
(1)
$0.20 per share, or $3,500,000 in the aggregate (or $4,025,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), is payable upon the closing of this offering. Includes $0.35 per share, or $6,125,000 in the aggregate (or up to $7,043,750 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States and released to the underwriters only upon the completion of an initial business combination. See also the “Underwriting” section for a description of compensation and other items of value payable to the underwriters.
Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares described in this prospectus, $175.0 million, or $201.25 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per public share in either case), will be deposited into a trust account in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, after deducting $3.5 million in underwriting discounts and commissions payable upon the closing of this offering (or $4.025 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) and an aggregate of  $2.35 million to pay fees and expenses in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following the closing of this offering.
The underwriters are offering the shares for sale on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the shares to the purchasers on or about                 , 2021.
Book-Running Manager
UBS Investment Bank
, 2021
We are responsible for the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information, and we take no responsibility for any other information others may give to you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
Summary
1
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary
26
Risk Factors
27
Use of Proceeds
59
Dividend Policy
63
Dilution
64
Capitalization
66
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation
67
Proposed Business
72
Management
98
Principal Stockholders
106
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
109
Description of Securities
112
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations
121
Underwriting
127
Legal Matters
135
Experts
135
Where You Can Find Additional Information
135
Index To Financial Statements
F-1
 
i
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Summary
This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing.
Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus or the context otherwise requires, references to:
➤
“we,” “us,” “our,” “company” or “our company” are to Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation;
➤
“anchor investors” are to our direct anchor investor and our indirect anchor investors, who have expressed to us an interest to purchase an aggregate of approximately 39% of the shares in this offering, as further described herein;
➤
“common stock” are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock;
➤
“DGCL” refers to the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same may be amended from time to time;
➤
“direct anchor investor” are to one or more funds managed by Millennium Management LLC;
➤
“directors” are to our directors and director nominees;
➤
“founder shares” are to shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to this offering and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination as described herein;
➤
“indirect anchor investors” are to certain members of our sponsor including funds managed by Innovatus Capital, Teacher Retirement System of Texas and Corbin Capital Partners, L.P.;
➤
“initial stockholders” are to holders of our founder shares prior to this offering;
➤
“Innovatus Capital” are to Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and its affiliates;
➤
“Innovatus Fund” are to all private pooled investment vehicles managed by Innovatus Capital, including Innovatus Life Sciences Lending Fund I, LP and Innovatus Life Sciences Offshore I-A, LP;
➤
“management” or our “management team” are to our executive officers and directors;
➤
“public shares” are to shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the shares in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market);
➤
“public stockholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder’s and member of our management team’s status as a “public stockholder” will only exist with respect to such public shares;
➤
“private placement shares” are to the shares issued to our sponsor and our direct anchor investor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering; and
➤
“sponsor” are to Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.
Our Company
GENERAL
INTRODUCTION
We are a newly organized blank check company (“Company”) incorporated in January 2021 as a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
 
1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We have generated no operating revenues to date, and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we complete our initial business combination.
While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that complement our management team’s background and ability to identify promising opportunities in the life sciences sector.
OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Our management team is led by David Schiff, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Hobson, our Chief Financial Officer and a director, and Claes Ekstrom, our Chief Business Officer. Our sponsor is an affiliate of Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC, or Innovatus Capital, and Messrs. Schiff and Hobson are partners at Innovatus Capital.
We believe that the experience and capabilities of our management team and board of directors will make us an attractive partner to potential target businesses, enhance our ability to complete a successful initial business combination and enhance the value of the business post-business combination. Additionally, we believe the extensive relationship network of our management team and from our affiliation with Innovatus Capital, combined with our operating, investing, capital markets and transaction experience, provide us with a competitive advantage.
David Schiff has been our Chief Executive Officer since our inception in January 2021 and serves as the Chairman of our Board of Directors. Mr. Schiff has an over 25-year career developing and investing in special situations, private equity, emerging asset classes, private credit, asset-based investments and in the life sciences sector. Mr. Schiff is a founding partner of Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC a New York-based registered investment adviser and portfolio management firm with over $1.6 billion in capital under management as of December 31, 2019. Mr. Schiff is also a Portfolio Manager and Chair of the Investment Committee for the Innovatus Life Sciences Strategy. Mr. Schiff serves on the board of many of the portfolio companies, including Samsara Vision, Inc., a company that has developed an implantable telescope for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration. From 2008 to 2016, Mr. Schiff was a Partner at Perella Weinberg Partners and was the Portfolio Manager of the Asset Backed Value Strategy (“ABV Strategy”). Through Mr. Schiff’s and the ABV investment team’s leadership, over a dozen different operating businesses and joint ventures have been launched, including Life Sciences Alternative Funding. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Schiff was a Director at Wachovia Securities, where he was responsible for developing various structured principal finance opportunities. From 1993 to 2001, Mr. Schiff held various senior management positions at JPMorgan in the Asset Backed Securities and Securitization groups.
Andrew Hobson has been our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since our inception in January 2021 and serves on our Board of Directors. Mr. Hobson has been a Partner and the Chief Financial Officer of Innovatus Capital since joining the firm in 2016. He oversees accounting and finance for Innovatus Capital. Prior to joining Innovatus Capital, Mr. Hobson was Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Univision Communications Inc. from 1994 to 2015. At Univision, he was a member of the senior executive team which managed Univision’s significant revenue growth and EBITDA growth. Mr. Hobson, while at Univision, also conducted all of its merger and acquisition, investment, capital markets, and financial and strategic planning activities. In addition, he negotiated, executed and integrated over 20 acquisitions and a dozen complex joint ventures. From 1990 to 1994, Mr. Hobson was a Principal at Chartwell Partners, LLC where he executed the $550 million leveraged buyout of Univision Communications from Hallmark Cards yielding significant returns on its initial investment. Mr. Hobson was a Vice President at Bankers Trust from 1984 to 1990 where he was responsible for initiating and executing over 20 acquisition or divestiture engagements.
Claes Ekstrom has been our Chief Business Officer since our inception in January 2021. Mr. Ekstrom has served as Managing Director, Head of Life Sciences, at Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC, a private
 
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
investment firm, since January 2016. Mr. Ekstrom has over 24 years of experience in asset-backed investing, mergers & acquisitions and corporate finance across healthcare and various other industries. From April 2011 to January 2016, Mr. Ekstrom was a member of the Perella Weinberg Partners’ Asset Based Value Strategy Investment Team, where he focused on corporate, healthcare, and consumer opportunities. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Ekstrom was a Managing Director at Bentley Associates, a boutique investment bank focusing on middle market M&A and private placements. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Ekstrom served as a Director in the M&A group at Merrill Lynch & Co. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Ekstrom was a Senior Vice President of the healthcare investment banking group at Lehman Brothers, where he provided M&A and financing advice to leading healthcare companies and healthcare investors. Mr. Ekstrom started his investment banking career with Merrill Lynch & Co. in 1996 and was a member of the M&A group where he executed M&A transactions across a wide range of industries.
Luis Diaz, M.D. has agreed to serve as an independent member of our Board of Directors following the completion of this offering and will also serve as a member of the Board’s Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Since December 2016, Dr. Diaz has served as Head of the Division of Solid Tumor Oncology at the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, where he specializes in the treatment of advanced pancreatic and colorectal cancers and directs the Precision and Prevention & Interception Program. Dr. Diaz has founded several healthcare companies focused on cancer therapy and diagnostics including: Sysmex Inostics, Inc., a molecular diagnostic company that is a pioneer in blood-based cell-free tumor DNA (ctDNA) mutation detection in oncology, which he founded in 2008; Personal Genome Diagnostics (“PGDx”), a private company developing regulated tissue-based and non-invasive biopsy genomic products for laboratories, where he has served as a Chairman of the Board of Directors since he founded it in 2010; and PapGen (Thrive), a molecular diagnostic company dedicated to advancing the early detection of cancer, which he founded in 2014. Prior to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, from July 2004 to December 2016, Dr. Diaz was a member of the Ludwig Center for Cancer Genetics and Therapeutics at Johns Hopkins University and the head of the Swim Across America Laboratory at Johns Hopkins. Dr. Diaz is currently a member of the board of directors of Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:JNCE), a publicly traded immune-oncology company.
Geoffrey Duyk, M.D., Ph.D., one of our director nominees, is the Founder and Managing Partner of Circularis L.P., an investment firm focused on technology-enabled companies that advance the circular economy, promote sustainability, and enhance resource efficiency, where he leads the partnership investment in late stage venture/early stage growth technology enabled companies and actively supports portfolio companies as a director. Circularis is a sub-advisor to the TPG Alternative & Renewable Technologies Fund. Prior to that, from 2004 to 2017, he was a Managing Director and Partner of TPG Alternative & Renewable Technologies / TPG Biotechnology. Prior to TPG, Dr. Duyk served on the Board of Directors and was President of Research and Development at Exelixis. Prior to Exelixis, Dr. Duyk was one of the founding scientific staff at Millennium Pharmaceuticals (not affiliated with our direct anchor investor) and served as Vice President of Genomics. Prior to his tenure at Millennium, Dr. Duyk was an Assistant Professor at Harvard Medical School (HMS) in the Department of Genetics and an Assistant Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI). While at HMS, Dr. Duyk was a Co-Principal Investigator in the National Institutes of Health-funded Cooperative Human Linkage Center. Dr. Duyk holds a Ph.D. and M.D. from Case Western Reserve University. He completed his medical and fellowship training at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). While at UCSF, Dr. Duyk was a fellow of the Lucille P. Markey Foundation and was awarded a post-doctoral fellowship from HHMI. He is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Dr. Duyk currently serves on the Board of Directors of Amyris (Nasdaq: AMRS), Anuvia Plant Nutrients; Concentric Agriculture, OncoBay Clinical and Regen Holdings. He is a former member of the Board of Directors and the executive committee for the American Society of Human Genetics and currently serves on its finance and investment committees. He is a trustee of Case Western Reserve University, where he chairs the finance committee and sits on the executive committee. He is a member of the Institute Board of Directors of the Moffitt Cancer Center, where he chairs the research and development committee. He also serves as a member of the Scientific Advisory Board for Lawrence Berkeley National Lab Department of Energy and previously served as a member of the Scientific Advisory Board for Bayer Crop Sciences, Jackson Laboratories.
R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D., one of our director nominees, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors for Bionano Genomics, Inc., a genome analysis company
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
providing tools and services based on its Saphyr system to scientists and clinicians conducting genetic research and patient testing, and providing diagnostic testing for those with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and other neurodevelopmental disabilities through its Lineagen business, since January 2011. From June 2010 to February 2011, Dr. Holmlin served as president and Chief Executive Officer of GenVault Corporation, a private biosample management solutions company. Previously, Dr. Holmlin held positions as an entrepreneur in residence at Domain Associates, a dedicated life sciences venture capital firm; Chief Commercial Officer of Exiqon A/S, a publicly traded RNA research solutions company; founder and executive at GeneOhm Sciences, which was acquired by Becton Dickinson and Company; and a National Institutes of Health postdoctoral fellow at Harvard University. Until June 2016, Dr. Holmlin served as a director of Nanosphere, Inc., a publicly traded molecular diagnostic company, which was subsequently acquired by Luminex Corporation, a publicly traded biological testing company.
Amit Khasgiwala has been a member of our Investment Team since our inception in January 2021. Mr. Khasgiwala joined Innovatus Capital in 2017 where he currently serves as an Associate at Innovatus Capital. At Innovatus Capital, he has reviewed and advised on many of the firm’s investments in the biotechnology and life sciences sector. From 2016 to 2017, Mr. Khasgiwala was an Associate at Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s Healthcare Investment Banking Group where he advised on various IPOs and acquisitions, and built life science, medical technology, and healthcare models for prospective clients. In 2015, Mr. Khasgiwala worked at UBS’ Equity Research Group, Pharmaceutical Sector. Mr. Khasgiwala was a Senior Automation Engineer, NNE Pharmaplan from 2011 to 2014 where he consulted with biotech clients on manufacturing processes of Phase IV drugs in FDA regulated facilities. He was also an Applications Services Associate at Merck & Co., Inc. from 2008 to 2011 where he designed automated manufacturing processes for high-valued vaccines.
Ashley Lim has been a member of our Investment Team since our inception in January 2021. Ms. Lim joined Innovatus Capital in 2020 where she currently serves as an Associate at Innovatus Capital. At Innovatus Capital, she has reviewed and advised on some of the firm’s investments in the biotechnology and life sciences sector. Prior to joining Innovatus Capital, Ms. Lim was an Associate at RBC Capital Markets Investment Banking Healthcare Group (2017-2020). There, she advised companies on IPOs, equity follow-ons, M&A, and LBO transactions across the life sciences, medical technology and healthcare industries. Before that, she was an Assistant Vice President at DBS Singapore Regional Business Analytics where she implemented regional strategic initiatives (2013-2015). From 2010 to 2013 she was a Business Consultant at Ernst & Young Advisory where she advised clients on business strategy and execution. From 2008 to 2010, she was a Management Associate at Citi where she managed a portfolio of credit payment products and overseas property financings.
Our management team has extensive experience investing in life sciences companies. We believe that our management team is capable of identifying attractive businesses, executing acquisitions, and adding value post-deal completion. Additionally, we believe Innovatus Capital’s extensive global network of relationships will enable us to pursue a broad range of opportunities. We believe our management team’s ability to identify and implement transformational growth and operational value creation initiatives will remain central to our acquisition strategy. Additionally, our network and affiliation with Innovatus Capital will allow us to rely heavily on an existing infrastructure of resources that will assist in due diligence and, ultimately, structuring an acquisition.
Past performance by our management team or Innovatus Capital is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. No member of our management team has had significant management experience with special purpose acquisition companies in the past. You should not rely on the historical record of our management’s or Innovatus Capital’s performance as indicative of our future performance. In addition, for a list of our executive officers and entities for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between such officers and the Company, as well as the priority and preference that such entity has with respect to performance of obligations and presentation of business opportunities to us, please refer to the table and subsequent explanatory paragraph under “Management—Conflicts of Interest.”
INNOVATUS CAPITAL
Founded by industry veterans David Schiff and Andrew Dym in October 2015, Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC is a boutique private equity firm with 27 professionals focused on creating value in special
 
4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
situations, growth equity, emerging asset classes, private credit and asset-based investments. Innovatus Capital is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment advisor under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and manages over $1.6 billion of capital as of December 31, 2019, including capital as sub advisor of Perella Weinberg Partners’ Asset Based Value Strategy Funds (“ABV Funds”). Approximately a substantial portion of Innovatus Capital’s investments are in life sciences companies.
Innovatus Capital is an active investor in life science companies, with significant public and private equity experience. Innovatus Capital has a substantial track record in direct origination of venture loans and growth equity investment opportunities. Since 2017, Innovatus Capital has evaluated numerous life sciences companies, investing in 15 companies and deployed over $370 million in capital to, among others, Personal Genome Diagnostics, Biodesix, Inc., Biotheranostics and Bionano Genomics, Inc. As of December 31, 2020, Innovatus Capital’s managed funds, including the ABV Funds, owned minority equity stakes in Biodesix, Personal Genome Diagnostics Conformis, DNAnexus, Akoya Biosciences and Bionano Genomics. Innovatus Capital’s success has been earned through the collective efforts and expertise of Messrs. Ekstrom and Schiff, who have worked together for more than 10 years. Prior to Innovatus Capital, they were responsible for creating Life Sciences Alternative Funding, a life sciences lender founded by the ABV Funds in 2012 overseeing all the ABV Fund life sciences investments and creating a venture lending portfolio.
Innovatus Capital’s Life Sciences Advisory Board includes Geoffrey Duyk, M.D., Ph.D., Luis Diaz, M.D., two leaders in the life sciences industry who provide counsel to Innovatus Capital on its Life Science Strategy, and Erik Holmlin Ph.D., who will serve as our independent directors. Our independent directors have strong relationships with venture capital investors, entrepreneurs and board members in the life sciences industry that may produce promising business combination opportunities. Moreover, our independent directors have significant experience in leading both large and small life sciences companies as well as recognized and impactful medical research at leading universities, including Harvard University and Johns Hopkins University. We intend to capitalize on our independent board members’ relationships and experience to identify and assess potential acquisition targets and complete a successful business combination.
INDUSTRY OPPORTUNITY
While we may acquire a target business in any industry or sector, we intend to focus on life sciences companies in the United States. We believe the healthcare industry, and in particular the life sciences sector, represents a growing market with a large number of potential acquisition opportunities. In 2019, total U.S. national health expenditures represented approximately $3.8 trillion, and the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services estimated that total healthcare spending accounted for approximately 18% of total U.S. Gross Domestic Product. According to IBISWorld, in February 2020, the global biotechnology market is expected to grow almost 2.9% to over $294 billion in revenue in 2020. We believe the healthcare industry, and in particular the life sciences sector, represents a growing market with a large number of potential acquisition opportunities.
THE CURRENT LIFE SCIENCES IPO MARKET
The current dynamics in the life sciences IPO market may enhance our ability to locate an attractive target. Over 200 life sciences companies have gone public since 2016 in the United States. Despite the current level of IPO activity, according to IBISWorld, in February 2020 there were estimated to be over 9,500 biotechnology companies globally, only a fraction of which are publicly traded. These privately held biotechnology companies represent an enormous investment opportunity, and recent trends in equity capital markets continue to demonstrate their desire to access public capital.
We believe that life sciences companies, at a certain stage in their development, will see material benefits from being publicly traded, including greater access to capital, more liquid securities, and increased customer awareness.
Given the track record of Innovatus Capital, as an affiliate of our sponsor, for identifying, evaluating, and investing in leading life sciences companies, we believe a business combination target we identify will benefit by partnering with us to go public.
 
5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ACQUISITION STRATEGY
We plan to utilize the network and industry experience of our management team and Innovatus Capital in seeking an initial business combination and employing our acquisition strategy. We expect to leverage their: (i) deep network and proprietary access to acquisition targets and deal sourcing, (ii) substantial due diligence and underwriting expertise to evaluate and assess acquisition targets, and (iii) broad and successful M&A experience and service as a strategic partner and steward to various companies. All these factors are conducive toward negotiating and completing a successful business combination for the Company.
Proprietary Access to Acquisition Targets and Deal Sourcing
We believe we are uniquely positioned to identify potential acquisition targets in our target sectors. Innovatus Capital is a leader in life sciences venture lending. Since 2017, Innovatus Capital has evaluated numerous life sciences investment opportunities and deployed over $370 million in capital. Innovatus Capital acquires board observation rights in connection with its investments and is actively involved with the venture capital investors of its borrowers, which gives it a differentiated connectivity with venture capital firms and management teams. Innovatus Capital solidifies its relationship with these firms by providing more than just capital but strategic and operational insight, including assisting companies with the transition from R&D-focused to commercial-oriented organization. Moreover, our independent directors have strong relationships with venture capital investors, board members and management teams in the life sciences industry, that they have established over the last few decades as board members, senior executives, or scientists at leading life sciences companies. Furthermore, our independent directors are, or have been, members of prestigious research centers and institutes, where they were involved in many ground-breaking discoveries in life sciences, which provides another sourcing channel for potential acquisition targets.
Innovatus Capital has built a multi-channel origination strategy designed to address a broad set of investment opportunities in venture backed companies, where it has an established advantage over larger, private equity investors. Its industry-wide connectivity with venture capital firms, entrepreneurs, healthcare executives as well as leading investment banking firms and research-driven sourcing strategy, provide us with a proprietary deal flow, which we believe will provide a competitive advantage in sourcing potential business combination targets.
Due Diligence Expertise
Innovatus Capital has substantial due diligence and valuation experience in the life sciences space. Innovatus Capital distinguishes itself by focusing on the dynamics of the business, including the size of the market opportunity, the strength of the product(s) and the management team. The firm performs significant due diligence to achieve a complete understanding of each target company, including speaking to key opinion leaders to understand the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of each target company, as well as to evaluate healthcare breakthroughs and identify innovation with groundbreaking potential.
Innovatus Capital works closely with patent, regulatory and insurance reimbursement experts to perform intellectual property / patents review and freedom-to-operate assessments; regulatory pathway assessments and clinical study reviews; Medicare and commercial payor reimbursement reviews. Innovatus Capital also conducts in-depth valuation analysis and quantifies capital requirements to achieve development milestones and to create commercial infrastructure for approved products. Our fundamental scientific approach enables us to identify companies with a clear competitive advantage and potential to deliver meaningful upside optionality.
Our independent directors further our ability to assess the scientific and clinical data, as well as the commercial strength of an opportunity. Dr. Luis Diaz, Dr. Geoffrey Duyk and Dr. Erik Holmlin have successfully formed and funded spin-out companies from leading, research-driven organizations. Dr. Diaz is an authority in oncology, having founded several companies that focus on genomic analysis of cancer, including Personal Genome Diagnostics (“PGDx”), Sysmex Inostics, and PapGene, a company that was absorbed into Thrive Earlier Detection which recently was sold to Exact Sciences for up to $2.15 billion. Dr. Duyk was previously a partner at TPG where he co-led TPG Biotechnology which invested in life
 
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
sciences with a focus on drug discovery and development, molecular diagnostics, clinical and research services, and healthcare IT. Dr. Holmlin is the President and CEO of Bionano Genomics, a publicly traded life sciences company focused on providing tools and services for genome analysis. We believe these individuals are at the forefront of technical and scientific innovation within the life sciences industry.
M&A and Roll-Up Expertise
Innovatus Capital and our management team is experienced at acquiring companies on what they believe to be favorable terms. Because of their broad operating experience, we believe we can guide companies through growth and product development processes, and an expected ultimate successful commercialization and exit. We believe our significant M&A expertise will enable us to negotiate and execute a successful business combination. Furthermore, while certain life sciences products have long lucrative life cycles with high profitability, the industry remains fragmented and we believe most companies are under-resourced and under-scaled. We believe there is a significant opportunity to create value for investors following the initial business combination by pursuing an acquisition strategy of smaller, complementary businesses to achieve cost and revenue synergies.
INVESTMENT CRITERIA
We have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses based on our investment strategy and process. These criteria are not meant to be exhaustive, and we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet all of these criteria. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses that we believe have proven technology with multiple products or product candidates targeting an unmet medical need in large markets with high barriers to entry and are poised for significant commercial success.
➤ Targets Significant Unmet Medical Needs. We will seek to identify businesses targeting significant unmet medical needs. We believe that filling material gaps in treatment paradigms aligns all relevant stakeholders including patients, payors, and regulators and offers the best opportunity for differentiated risk-adjusted returns.
➤ Have A High Probability of Clinical and Regulatory Success. The core of our investment approach will be to target companies whose products have received regulatory approval or, for biotechnology/ pharmaceutical companies, have a technology platform with multiple clinical stage assets that we believe will have a high probability of clinical and regulatory success.
➤ Leverage Innovative Science and Approaches to Drug Development. For biotechnology and pharmaceutical opportunities, we intend to identify businesses that leverage innovative approaches to drug discovery and development including genetics, genomics, and biomarkers which we believe allow for early evidence of clinical benefit and more capital-efficient drug development with higher probabilities of success.
➤ Possess Scarcity Value via a Unique Technology to Achieve Superior Clinical Outcomes. We intend to identify businesses with unique technologies and approaches for treating patients resulting in asset scarcity value and the creation of a differentiated profile for a publicly traded company.
➤ Generates Cost Savings to the Healthcare System. We intend to identify businesses whose product(s) provide an economic savings to the healthcare system and is positioned to facilitate rapid adoption among patients, physicians, and payors.
➤ Have Strong Existing Management or Key Expertise That Can Benefit from the Managerial Experience of Our Team and Board. We intend to focus on companies with strong and experienced management teams who could benefit from the guidance of our management team and board of directors. In addition, if needed, members of our management team or board of directors may be willing to take operating or board roles following a business combination.
The evaluation of a particular business combination target may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria as well as other considerations that our management may deem relevant.
 
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION
Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our Board of Directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our Board of Directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target’s assets or prospects.
We may pursue an initial business combination opportunity jointly with our sponsor, Innovatus Capital or one or more of its affiliates, the Innovatus Fund and/or investors in the Innovatus Fund, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties may participate with us in an investment in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Any such issuance of equity or equity-linked securities would, on a fully diluted basis, reduce the percentage ownership of our then-existing stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, issuances or deemed issuances of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities would result in an adjustment to the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination), unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to such issuance or deemed issuance at the time thereof. Neither our sponsor, nor Innovatus Capital nor any of their respective affiliates, has an obligation to make any such investment, and may compete with us for potential business combinations.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition, as described above. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80% of net assets test described above. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.
 
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
SOURCING OF POTENTIAL INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION TARGETS
Certain members of our management team have spent significant portions of their careers working with businesses in the life sciences industry, and have developed a wide network of professional services contacts and business relationships in that industry. The members of our Board of Directors also have significant executive management and public company experience with life sciences and life science-related companies.
This network has provided our management team with a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with an important source of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banks, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm stating that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Members of our management team and our independent directors will directly or indirectly own founder shares following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity, including private funds under the management of Innovatus Capital and their respective portfolio companies, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. In addition, Innovatus Capital may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from such opportunities. Investment ideas generated within Innovatus Capital may be suitable for both us and for Innovatus Capital and/or current or future Innovatus Capital funds or other vehicles and may be directed to them rather than to us. Such opportunities may outperform any businesses we acquire. Neither Innovatus Capital nor any members of our management team who are also employed by Innovatus Capital have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. Innovatus Capital and/or our management in their capacities as employees of Innovatus Capital or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential business combinations to other entities, before they present such opportunities to us. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may participate with us in an investment in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
 
9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Past performance of our management team, Innovatus Capital and/or Innovatus Fund is not a guarantee (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team’s, Innovatus Capital’s and/or Innovatus Fund’s performance as indicative of our future performance. None of the members of our management team has any past experience with any blank check companies or special purpose acquisition companies. For more information on the experience and background of our management team, see the section entitled “Management.”
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Our executive offices are located at 777 Third Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, New York 10017, and our telephone number is (212) 698-4580.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of  (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging growth company” will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded $250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded $700 million as of the prior June 30.
 
10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The Offering
In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus.
Securities offered
17,500,000 shares, at $10.00 per share. Unlike many other SPAC IPOs, investors in this offering will not receive warrants that would become exercisable following completion of our initial business combination.
Proposed Nasdaq symbol
Class A common stock: “ILAC”
Trading commencement of Class A common stock
The shares are expected to begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus.
Common Stock
Number outstanding before this offering 5,031,250(1)(2)
Number of private placement shares to be sold in a private placement simultaneously with this offering 585,000(3)
Number outstanding after this offering and the private placement 22,460,000(3)(4)(5)
Expressions of Interest
Our anchor investors have expressed to us an interest to purchase an aggregate of approximately 39% of the shares in this offering at the offering price and we have agreed to direct the underwriters to sell to the anchor investors such amount of shares. The shares that may be purchased by our anchor investors in this offering will not be subject to any lock-up provisions. At the closing of our initial business combination, our direct anchor investor will be entitled to purchase from our sponsor approximately 374,000 of its founder shares, at a purchase price of approximately $0.005 per share. The purchase will be effected through a cancellation of such number of founder shares by our sponsor and the issuance of a corresponding number of shares to our direct anchor investor. Our direct anchor investor has agreed with us that, if it does not own a minimum number of shares of Class A common stock immediately prior to the consummation of our initial business combination or it redeems all or a portion of its public shares in connection with an initial business combination such that it does not own such minimum number of shares, it will forfeit to our sponsor, on a pro rata basis, a portion of the founder shares to which it is entitled. In addition, our direct anchor investor has
(1)
Includes up to 656,250 founder shares that will be forfeited by our initial stockholders depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised.
(2)
Founder shares are currently classified as shares of Class B common stock, which shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described below adjacent to the caption “Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights.”
(3)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the forfeiture of 656,250 founder shares by our initial stockholders for no consideration.
(4)
Includes 17,500,000 public shares, 4,375,000 founder shares and 585,000 private placement shares.
(5)
Unlike many other SPAC IPOs, investors in this offering will not receive warrants that would become exercisable following completion of our initial business combination.
 
11
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
agreed that, if our sponsor’s managing member deems it necessary in order to facilitate an initial business combination for our sponsor to forfeit, transfer, exchange or amend the terms of all or any portion of its founder shares or private placement shares or to enter into any other arrangements with respect to such securities, our direct anchor investor will be subject to the same changes on a pro rata basis. Nevertheless, our direct anchor investor will not be required to forfeit more than 50% of the founder shares to which it is entitled and 50% of its private placement shares. Our indirect anchor investors have made arrangements similar to these with our sponsor regarding their indirect holdings of our securities as members of our sponsor, and will have an indirect 22% aggregate ownership in our founder shares through our sponsor upon the closing of this offering.
Because these expressions of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our anchor investors may determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering or the underwriters may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares to our anchor investors. However, there is no limit on the number of shares the anchor investors may purchase in this offering or in the open market after this offering. In the event that our anchor investors purchase all shares for which they have expressed an interest (either in this offering or after) and vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any additional public shares to be voted in favor of our initial business combination for our initial business combination to be approved, assuming that all of our outstanding shares are voted in connection with our initial business combination.
Our discussions with each anchor investor were separate and our arrangements with them are not contingent on each other. Further, to our knowledge, the anchor investors are not affiliated with each other and are not acting together with regards to our company.
Founder shares
On January 8, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,031,250 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.005 per share.
Prior to the initial investment in the company of  $25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of this offering would be a maximum of 20,125,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after this offering (and without giving effect to the issuance of private placement shares). Up to 656,250 of the founder shares will be subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised.
The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the shares being sold in this offering, except that:
➤
the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;
 
12
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
➤
the founder shares are entitled to registration rights;
➤
our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor’s founder shares and private placement shares, we would need only 6,328,501 or 36.2%, of the 17,500,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. If the anchor investors were to purchase all shares for which they have expressed an interest (either in this offering or after) and vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any additional public shares to be voted in favor of our initial business combination for our initial business combination to be approved, assuming that all of our outstanding shares are voted in connection with our initial business combination. In the event that our anchor investors purchase shares (either in this offering or after) and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, a smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination; and
➤
the founder shares are automatically convertible into our Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described below adjacent to the caption “Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights.”
Transfer restrictions on founder shares
Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year
 
13
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
after the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances as described herein under “Principal Stockholders - Transfers of Founder Shares”. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if  (1) the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (2) if we consummate a transaction after our initial business combination which results in our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up.
Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights
The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.
Voting Rights
Holders of record of our Class A common stock and holders of record of our Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, with each share of common stock entitling the holder to one vote except as required by law.
Private placement shares
Our sponsor and our direct anchor investor have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of up
 
14
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
to 585,000 private placement shares (or up to 637,500 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of  $10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $5,850,000 (or $6,375,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Our sponsor will purchase 526,500 shares (or 579,000 shares if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares is exercised in full) and our direct anchor investor will purchase 58,500 shares.
Proceeds to be held in trust
account
Of the proceeds we will receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares described in this prospectus, $175.0 million, or $201.25 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per share in either case), will be deposited into a segregated trust account located in the United States at JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. These proceeds include $6,125,000 (or up to $7,043,750 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions.
Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our taxes, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of  (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders.
Anticipated expenses and funding sources
Unless and until we complete our initial business combination no proceeds held in the trust account will be available for our use, to pay our taxes and/or to redeem our public shares in connection with an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as described above. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $175,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year; however we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, we may pay our expenses only from such interest withdrawn from the trust account and:
 
15
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
➤
the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares not held in the trust account, which initially will be approximately $1,350,000 in working capital after the payment of approximately $1,000,000 in expenses relating to this offering; and
➤
any loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates or other third parties, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us, and provided that any such loans will not have any claim on the proceeds held in the trust account unless such proceeds are released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The shares would be identical to the private placement shares issued to our sponsor and our direct anchor investor.
Conditions to completing our initial business combination
Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our Board of Directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm. While we consider it unlikely that our Board of Directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target’s assets or prospects. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete our initial business combination if the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or is otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which
 
16
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock or shares of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80% of net assets test described above, provided that in the event that the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a seeking stockholder approval or conducting a tender offer, as applicable.
Permitted purchases of public shares by our affiliates
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. We expect any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See “Proposed Business - Permitted purchases of our securities” for a description of how our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction.
The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business
 
17
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our shares of Class A common stock may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our shares of Class A common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our shares of Class A common stock may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our shares of Class A common stock on a national securities exchange.
Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares they hold and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
Manner of conducting
redemptions
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding Class A common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq’s stockholder approval rules.
 
18
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The requirement that we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above will be contained in provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon
If we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting, we will:
➤
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
➤
file proxy materials with the SEC.
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and private placement shares they hold and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our sponsor’s founder shares and private placement shares, we would need only 6,328,501 or 36.2%, of the 17,500,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted).
If the anchor investors were to purchase all shares for which they have expressed an interest (either in this offering or after) and vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any additional public shares to be voted in favor of our initial business combination for our initial business combination to be approved, assuming that all of our outstanding shares are voted in connection with our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction.
If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will:
 
19
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
➤
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and
➤
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination.
Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
We intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
 
20
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of this offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements.
Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering if we hold stockholder
vote
Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem to no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those
 
21
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
stockholders that hold more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering) for or against our initial business combination.
Release of funds in trust account on closing of our initial business combination
On the completion of our initial business combination, the funds held in the trust account will be used to pay amounts due to any public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights as described above under “Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination,” to pay the underwriters their deferred underwriting commissions, to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
Redemption of public shares and distribution and liquidation if no initial business combination
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such 24-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
Our initial stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial stockholders or management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 24-month time frame.
 
22
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
Our sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described above under “Limitations on redemptions.” For example, our Board of Directors may propose such an amendment if it determines that additional time is necessary to complete our initial business combination. In such event, we will conduct a proxy solicitation and distribute proxy materials pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act seeking stockholder approval of such proposal, and in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon stockholder approval of such amendment.
Limited payments to insiders
There will be no finder’s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, and, if made prior to our initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account:
➤
Repayment of up to an aggregate of  $300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses;
➤
Payment to our sponsor or an affiliate of up to $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team;
➤
Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination; and
➤
Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
 
23
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of  $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The shares would be identical to the private placement shares issued to our sponsor and our direct anchor investor. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
Audit Committee
We will establish and maintain an audit committee. Among its responsibilities, the audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates and monitor compliance with the other terms relating to this offering. If any noncompliance is identified, then the audit committee will be charged with the responsibility to promptly take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise to cause compliance with the terms of this offering. For more information, see the section entitled “Management—Committees of the Board of Directors—Audit Committee.”
Risks
We are a blank check company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues to date. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. This offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “Proposed Business—Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus.
 
24
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Summary Financial Data
The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented.
February 12, 2021
Actual
As Adjusted
Balance Sheet Data:
Working (deficiency) capital(1)
$ (31,625
)
$ 170,249,272
Total assets(2)
80,897 176,374,272
Total liabilities(3)
56,625 6,125,000
Value of common stock subject to possible redemption(4)
— 165,249,270
Stockholder’s equity(5)
24,272 5,000,002
(1)
The “as adjusted” calculation includes $175,000,000 of cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, plus $1,350,000 of cash held outside the trust account, plus $24,272 of actual stockholder’s equity on February 12, 2021, less $6,125,000 of deferred underwriting commissions.
(2)
The “as adjusted” calculation equals $175,000,000 of cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, plus $1,350,000 in cash held outside the trust account, plus $24,272 of actual stockholder’s equity on February 12, 2021.
(3)
The “as adjusted” calculation equals $6,125,000 of deferred underwriting commissions, assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised.
(4)
The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the “as adjusted” stockholder’s equity, which is set to approximate the minimum net tangible assets threshold of at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination.
(5)
Excludes 16,524,927 shares of common stock purchased in the public market which are subject to redemption in connection with our initial business combination. The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the value of shares of common stock that may be redeemed in connection with our initial business combination ($10.00 per share).
 
25
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements and risk factor summary
Some of the statements contained in this prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors:
➤
our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;
➤
our ability to complete our initial business combination;
➤
our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;
➤
our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
➤
our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;
➤
our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
➤
our pool of prospective target businesses;
➤
the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;
➤
our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
➤
the lack of a market for our securities;
➤
the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;
➤
the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties;
➤
our financial performance following this offering; or
➤
the other risks and uncertainties discussed in “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus.
The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page 26. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
 
26
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Risk factors
An investment in our shares involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our shares. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our shares could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
GENERAL RISK FACTORS
We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.”
At February 12, 2021, we had $25,000 in cash and a working capital deficit of  $31,625. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern.
We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.
We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.
 
27
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.
RISKS RELATING TO OUR SEARCH FOR, AND CONSUMMATION OF OR INABILITY TO CONSUMMATE, A BUSINESS COMBINATION
Our stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.
We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see the section entitled “Proposed Business—Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information.
Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our Board of Directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination.
 
28
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after this offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after this offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.
We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after this offering, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing transactions. We may pay such underwriters or their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters’ or their respective affiliates’ financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.
The recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the impact on business and debt and equity markets could have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately complete a business combination.
On March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the coronavirus outbreak as a “pandemic”. A significant outbreak of the coronavirus and other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally and could have a material adverse effect on the business of any potential target business with which we complete a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to the coronavirus restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and complete a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus pandemic and the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. While vaccines for the coronavirus pandemic are being, and have been developed, there is no guarantee that any such vaccine will be durable and effective consistent with current expectations and we expect it will take significant time before the vaccines are available and accepted on a significant scale. In addition, if any treatment of vaccine for the coronavirus pandemic is ineffective or underutilized, any impact on our business may be prolonged. If the disruptions posed by the coronavirus or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to complete a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately complete a business combination.
In addition, our ability to complete a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing and the coronavirus pandemic and other related events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise adequate financing. Finally, the outbreak of the coronavirus vaccine may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions.
 
29
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.
Our initial stockholders will own 20% of our outstanding common stock immediately following the completion of this offering, excluding the shares of our Class A common stock issued as part of the private placement shares. Our initial stockholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our sponsor’s founder shares and private placement shares, we would need only 6,328,501 or 36.2%, of the 17,500,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. If the anchor investors were to purchase all shares for which they have expressed an interest (either in this offering or after) and vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any additional public shares to be voted in favor of our initial business combination for our initial business combination to be approved, assuming that all of our outstanding shares are voted in connection with our initial business combination. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination.
The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.
We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock results in the issues of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to
 
30
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.
If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.
The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.
Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.
We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
 
31
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.
In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many companies preparing for an initial public offering. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination.
In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights.
In the event that our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our shares of Class A common stock may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. We expect any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See “Proposed Business—Permitted purchases of our securities” for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase shares of Class A common stock from in any private transaction.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our shares of Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
 
32
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
We expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
The price at which we issue any shares in connection with a business combination may be lower than the price you paid for the shares in this offering or at a price lower than the trading price of our Class A common stock, irrespective of any increased stock price based on market responses to special purpose acquisition companies in general.
Our Class A common stock may trade at an increased price to our offering price prior to any proposed business combination due to heightened awareness of special purpose acquisition companies. Even prior to the announcement of any proposed transaction, we have observed shares of other such companies trade in anticipation of what the market believes is a pending transaction. The price at which we issue any shares may be lower than the price you paid for the shares in this offering or at a price lower than the trading price of our Class A common stock at the time we commit to such issuance or at the closing of the business combination.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:
➤
restrictions on the nature of our investments; and
➤
restrictions on the issuance of securities,
each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:
➤
registration as an investment company with the SEC;
➤
adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and
➤
reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are not subject to.
 
33
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.
We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. This offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering; and (iii) absent an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
 
34
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view.
Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board of Directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.
Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors, upon the listing of our shares on Nasdaq, Nasdaq may consider us to be a ‘controlled company’ within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.
After completion of this offering, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a ‘controlled company’ within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a ‘controlled company’ and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:
➤
we have a board that includes a majority of  ‘independent directors,’ as defined under the rules of Nasdaq;
➤
we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and
➤
to the extent that we have one, we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities.
We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.
We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering, there will be 81,915,000 and 5,625,000 (assuming in each case that the underwriters have not exercised their over-allotment option and the forfeiture of 656,250 shares of Class B common stock) authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account the shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock is automatically convertible into
 
35
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Immediately after this offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. The price at which we issue any shares may be lower than the price you paid for the shares of Class A common stock in this offering or at a price lower than the trading price of our Class A common stock at the time we commit to such issuance or at the actual issuance of such shares. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock:
➤
may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering;
➤
may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock;
➤
could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and
➤
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares, Class A common stock.
Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination.
The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued to any seller in the initial business combination. This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies in which the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20% of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to our initial business combination.
 
36
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders.
Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination.
In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future.
The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination’s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.
In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims (“run-off insurance”). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.
Since our initial stockholders, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after this offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
On January 8, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,031,250 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of  $25,000, or approximately $0.005 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of  $25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of this offering would be a maximum of 20,125,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would
 
37
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
represent 20% of the outstanding shares after this offering. Up to 656,250 of the founder shares will be forfeited depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and our direct anchor investor have committed to purchase an aggregate of up to 585,000 private placement shares (or up to 637,500 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of  $10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of  $5,850,000 (or $6,375,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Our sponsor will purchase 526,500 shares (or 579,000 shares if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares is exercised in full) and our direct anchor investor will purchase 58,500 shares. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of this offering nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination.
We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
The net proceeds from this offering and the private placement of shares will provide us with $180,850,000 (or $207,625,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that we may use to complete our initial business combination (which includes $6,125,000, or up to $7,043,750 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and excludes estimated offering expenses of  $1,000,000).
We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
➤
solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or
➤
dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.
We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single
 
38
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
Our management may not be able to maintain our control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target business, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business.
We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.
 
39
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support.
In order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination. Amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months of the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination.
The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (including the private placement shares but assuming they do not purchase any shares in this offering), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Our sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding
 
40
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.
Certain agreements related to this offering may be amended without stockholder approval.
Each of the agreements related to this offering to which we are a party, other than the investment management trust agreement, may be amended without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders; the private placement purchase agreement between us and our sponsor; and the administrative services agreement among us, our sponsor and an affiliate of our sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, private placement shares and other securities held by our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our Board of Directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our Board of Directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our Board of Directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.
We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.
We have not selected any specific business combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.
 
41
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
We may face risks related to businesses in the life sciences industry.
Business combinations with businesses in the life sciences industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks:
➤
we may have a limited operating history, making it difficult to assess the likelihood of our products’ commercial success;
➤
our products may not be able to obtain certain governmental approvals;
➤
our products may never become commercial viable;
➤
even if all applicable governmental approvals are obtained with respect to our products, previously unknown or undisclosed side-effects or complications relating to our product may be disclosed, resulting in a loss of market acceptance or a withdrawal of previously-granted approvals, thereby reducing or eliminating the revenue stream;
➤
we may become involved in lawsuits with respect to our products, or with respect to intellectual property rights or other rights relating to them, which lawsuits may result in an inability to market our products or may otherwise impair the related revenue stream;
➤
our products may become obsolete;
➤
our products may be licensed from third parties, which may be terminated;
➤
government policies and regulations applicable to our products may change in ways that adversely affect our products’ marketability; and
➤
investor sentiments and preferences with regard to life sciences sector investments (some of which are generally perceived as risky) may change, which may make it difficult to raise capital.
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to the life sciences industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks we will be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, which may or may not be different than those risks listed above.
Since our officers and directors will share in any appreciation of the founder shares purchased at approximately $0.005 per share, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination.
Each of the officers and directors who will assist us in sourcing potential acquisition targets has an interest in our sponsor. These officers and directors will not receive any cash compensation from us prior to a business combination but through their interest in the sponsor will share in any appreciation of the founder shares, provided that we successfully complete a business combination. We believe that this structure aligns the incentives of these officers and directors with the interests of our stockholders. However, investors should be aware that, as these officers and directors have paid approximately $0.005 per share or less for the interest in the founder shares, this structure also creates an incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we complete a business combination with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for our public stockholders.
Since our anchor investors have an interest in the founder shares held by the sponsor, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination.
Our anchor investors are also members of our sponsor and have an interest in the founder shares held by our sponsor. These anchor investors, through their interest in the sponsor, will share in any appreciation of the founder shares, provided that we successfully complete a business combination. Accordingly, our anchor investors’ interest in the founder shares held by our sponsor may provide them with an incentive to vote in favor of a business combination, and make a substantial profit, even if the business combination is with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for public stockholders.
 
42
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES
If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.
Of the net proceeds of this offering, only $1,350,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that, upon closing of this offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following such closing; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.
In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of  $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of  $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of  $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The shares would be identical to the private placement shares issued to our sponsor and our direct anchor investor. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares.
Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.
Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash
 
43
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. The underwriters of this offering and our auditors will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we
 
44
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below $175,000,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of  (i) $10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our Board of Directors and us to claims of punitive damages.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages.
 
45
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.
Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of this offering in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures.
Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors.
In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under
 
46
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.
The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.
Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares, after those shares convert to our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.
Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations.
Our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify, acquire and operate a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team’s established global relationships and operating experience. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will prohibit us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our shares will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
 
47
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Past performance by our management team, Innovatus Capital and its affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.
Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team, Innovatus Capital and its affiliates, or businesses associated with them, is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by such individuals and entities is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team, Innovatus Capital and its affiliates or businesses associated with them as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward.
If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.
We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business—Delivering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights.”
You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account.
 
48
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
We have applied to have our shares of Class A common stock listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of this prospectus and our Class A common stock on or promptly after their date of separation. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders’ equity (generally $2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq’s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share, our stockholders’ equity would generally be required to be at least $5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50% of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least $2,500). We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.
If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
➤
a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
➤
reduced liquidity for our securities;
➤
a determination that our Class A common stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;
➤
a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and
➤
a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our shares and eventually our Class A common stock will be listed on Nasdaq, our shares of Class A common stock will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
Since the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of  $5,000,000 upon the completion of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank
 
49
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our shares will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if this offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see “Proposed Business—Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.”
An investment in this offering may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.
An investment in this offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares suspend the running of a U.S. holder’s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A common stock is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered “qualified dividends” for federal income tax purposes. See the section titled “U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations” for a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax adviser with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our shares of Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our shares of Class A common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following this offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
➤
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
 
50
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
➤
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
➤
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;
➤
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;
➤
our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock;
➤
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
➤
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
➤
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
➤
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
Upon closing of this offering, our initial stockholders will own 20% of our issued and outstanding common stock (excluding the private placement shares but assuming they do not purchase any shares in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If our initial stockholders purchase any shares in this offering or if our initial stockholders purchase any additional Class A common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our Board of Directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” Board of Directors, only a minority of the Board of Directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination.
Our initial stockholders paid an aggregate of  $25,000, or approximately $0.005 per founder share and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our shares of Class A common stock.
The difference between the public offering price per share and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our initial stockholders acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon closing of this offering, you and the other public stockholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 91.5% (or $9.15 per share, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering of  $0.85 and the initial offering price of  $10.00 per share. This
 
51
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A common stock.
The determination of the offering price of our shares, the size of this offering and terms of the shares is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our shares properly reflects the value of such shares than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company.
Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our Class A common stock. The public offering price of the shares was negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with representatives of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the shares include:
➤
the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
➤
prior offerings of those companies;
➤
our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
➤
a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions;
➤
our capital structure;
➤
an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
➤
general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and
➤
other factors as were deemed relevant.
Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results.
There is currently no market for our Class A common stock and a market for our Class A common stock may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our shares.
There is currently no market for our Class A common stock. Stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our Class A common stock may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.
Potential participation in this offering by our anchor investors could reduce the public float for our shares.
Our anchor investors have expressed to us an interest to purchase an aggregate of approximately 39% of the shares in this offering at the offering price and we have agreed to direct the underwriters to sell to the anchor investors such amount of shares. If our anchor investors purchase all of the shares for which they have expressed an interest, such purchases would reduce the available public float for our shares. Any such reduction in our available public float may consequently reduce the trading volume, volatility and liquidity of our shares relative to what they would have been had such shares been purchased by public investors.
 
52
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination.
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our shares of Class A common stock and could entrench management.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered Board of Directors and the ability of the Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of
 
53
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit or make more costly a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.
If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us.
If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.
If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business
 
54
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:
➤
costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;
➤
rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;
➤
complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
➤
laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;
➤
exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;
➤
tariffs and trade barriers;
➤
regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
➤
local or regional economic policies and market conditions;
➤
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;
➤
challenges in managing and staffing international operations;
➤
longer payment cycles;
➤
tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
➤
currency fluctuations and exchange controls;
➤
rates of inflation;
➤
challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
➤
cultural and language differences;
➤
employment regulations;
➤
underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;
➤
corruption;
➤
protection of intellectual property;
➤
social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;
➤
regime changes and political upheaval;
➤
terrorist attacks and wars; and
➤
deterioration of political relations with the United States.
We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
RISKS RELATING TO OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM
We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.
Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our
 
55
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.
Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel’s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law.
We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
 
56
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs, please see “Management—Officers, Directors and Director Nominees.”
Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
Following the completion of this offering and until we complete our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or ventures may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
For a complete discussion of our executive officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see “Management—Officers, Directors and Director Nominees,” “Management—Conflicts of Interest” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
 
57
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risk factors
Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.
We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.
The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders’ rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.
We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under “Management—Conflicts of Interest.” Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in “Proposed Business—Initial Business Combination” and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.
 
58
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Use of proceeds
We are offering 17,500,000 shares at an offering price of  $10.00 per share. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private placement shares will be used as set forth in the following table.
Without
Over-allotment
Option
Over-allotment
Option Exercised
Gross proceeds
Gross proceeds from shares offered to public(1)
$ 175,000,000 $ 201,250,000
Gross proceeds from private placement shares offered in the private
placement
5,850,000 6,375,000
Total gross proceeds
$ 180,850,000 $ 207,625,000
Estimated offering expenses(2)
Underwriting commissions (2.0% of gross proceeds from shares offered to public, excluding deferred portion)(3)
$ 3,500,000 $ 4,025,000
Legal fees and expenses
250,000 250,000
Printing and engraving expenses
30,000 30,000
Accounting fees and expenses
45,000 45,000
SEC/FINRA Expenses
52,644 52,644
Nasdaq listing and filing fees
75,000 75,000
Travel and road show
20,000 20,000
Directors and officers insurance
300,000 300,000
Miscellaneous
227,356 227,356
Total estimated offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions)
$ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000
Proceeds after estimated offering expenses
$ 176,350,000 $ 202,600,000
Held in trust account(3)
$ 175,000,000 $ 201,250,000
% of public offering size
100
%
100
%
Not held in trust account
$ 1,350,000 $ 1,350,000
The following table shows the use of the approximately $1,350,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account(4)
Amount
% of Total
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other expenses in connection with
any business combination(5)
$ 400,000 29.6
%
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations
150,000 11.1
%
Nasdaq and other regulatory fees
75,000 5.6
%
Director and Officer liability insurance premiums
300,000 22.2
%
Payment for office space, secretarial and administrative services
240,000 17.8
%
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses
185,000 13.7
%
Total
$ 1,350,000 100.0
%
(1)
Includes amounts payable to public stockholders who properly redeem their shares in connection with our successful completion of our initial business combination.
(2)
A portion of the offering expenses have been paid from the proceeds of loans from our sponsor of up to $300,000 as described in this prospectus. These loans will be repaid upon completion of this offering out of the $1,000,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of offering expenses other than underwriting commissions. In the event that offering expenses are less than set forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing working capital expenses.
 
59
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Use of proceeds
(3)
The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. Upon and concurrently with the completion of our initial business combination, up to $6,125,000, which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred commissions (or up to $7,043,750 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust account. The remaining funds, less amounts released to the trustee to pay redeeming stockholders, will be released to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of the business or businesses with which our initial business combination occurs or for general corporate purposes, including payment of principal or interest on indebtedness incurred in connection with our initial business combination, to fund the purchases of other companies or for working capital. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions.
(4)
These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of such business combination. In the event we identify a business combination target in a specific industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. The amount in the table above does not include interest available to us from the trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $175,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount.
(5)
Includes estimated amounts that may also be used in connection with our initial business combination to fund a “no shop” provision and commitment fees for financing.
Nasdaq rules provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares be deposited in a trust account. Of the $180.85 million in gross proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares described in this prospectus, or $207.625 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, $175.0 million ($10.00 per share), or $201.25 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per share), will be deposited into a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, after deducting $3.5 million in underwriting discounts and commissions payable upon the closing of this offering (or $4.025 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) and an aggregate of  $2.35 million to pay fees and expenses in connection with this offering and for working capital following this offering. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $175,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount.
We expect that the interest earned on the trust account will be sufficient to pay income taxes. We will not be permitted to withdraw any of the principal or interest held in the trust account, except for the withdrawal of interest to pay our taxes, until the earliest of  (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity.
The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or the redemption of our public shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of this
 
60
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Use of proceeds
offering. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, following this offering and prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions.
We believe that amounts not held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective business combination, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of a business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek additional capital, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates, but such persons are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.
We will pay our sponsor or an affiliate up to $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
Prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $1,000,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of  $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The shares would be identical to the private placement shares issued to our sponsor and our direct anchor investor. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
Our anchor investors have expressed to us an interest to purchase an aggregate of approximately 39% of the shares in this offering at the offering price and we have agreed to direct the underwriters to sell to the anchor investors such amount of shares. The shares purchased by our anchor investors in this offering will not be subject to any lock-up provisions. At the closing of our initial business combination, our direct anchor investor will be entitled to purchase from our sponsor approximately 374,000 of its founder shares, at a purchase price of approximately $0.005 per share. The purchase will be effected through a cancellation of such number of founder shares by our sponsor and the issuance of a corresponding number of shares to our direct anchor investor. Our direct anchor investor has agreed with us that, if it does not own a minimum number of shares of Class A common stock immediately prior to the consummation of our initial business combination or it redeems all or a portion of its public shares in connection with an initial business combination such that it does not own such minimum number of shares, it will forfeit to our sponsor, on a pro rata basis, a portion of the founder shares to which it is entitled. In addition, our direct anchor investor has agreed that, if our sponsor’s managing member deems it necessary in order to facilitate an initial business combination for our sponsor to forfeit, transfer, exchange or amend the terms
 
61
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Use of proceeds
of all or any portion of its founder shares or private placement shares or to enter into any other arrangements with respect to such securities, our direct anchor investor will be subject to the same changes on a pro rata basis. Nevertheless, our direct anchor investor will not be required to forfeit more than 50% of the founder shares to which it is entitled and 50% of its private placement shares. Our indirect anchor investors have made arrangements similar to these with our sponsor regarding their indirect holdings of our securities as members of our sponsor, and will have an indirect 22% aggregate ownership in our founder shares through our sponsor upon the closing of this offering.
Because these expressions of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our anchor investors may determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering or the underwriters may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares to our anchor investors. There is no limit on the number of shares the anchor investors may purchase in this offering or in the open market after this offering. In the event that our anchor investors purchase such shares (either in this offering or after) and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, a smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination.
Our discussions with each anchor investor were separate and our arrangements with them are not contingent on each other. Further, to our knowledge, the anchor investors are not affiliated with each other and are not acting together with regards to our company.
 
62
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Dividend policy
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, then we will effect a stock dividend or share capitalization or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our founder shares immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
 
63
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Dilution
The difference between the public offering price per share of Class A common stock and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of shares of Class A common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of shares of outstanding Class A common stock.
At February 12, 2021, our net tangible book value was $(31,625), or approximately $(0.10) per share of common stock. After giving effect to the sale of 17,500,000 shares of Class A common stock included in the shares we are offering by this prospectus (or 20,125,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), the sale of the private placement shares and the deduction of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at February 12, 2021 would have been $5,000,002 or $0.85 per share (or $0.75 per share if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of 16,524,927 shares of Class A common stock that may be redeemed for cash, or 19,058,052 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of  $0.86 per share (or $0.76 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) to our initial stockholders as of the date of this prospectus and an immediate dilution to public stockholders from this offering of  $10.00 per share. Total dilution to public stockholders from this offering will be $9.15 per share (or $9.25 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full).
The following table illustrates the dilution to the public stockholders on a per-share basis:
Without
Over-allotment
With
Over-allotment
Public offering price
$ 10.00 $ 10.00
Net tangible book deficit before this offering
(0.01
)
(0.01
)
Increase attributable to public stockholders
0.86 0.76
Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering and the sale of the private placement shares
0.85 0.75
Dilution to public stockholders
$ 9.15 $ 9.25
Percentage of dilution to public stockholders
91.5
%
92.5
%
For purposes of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) by $16,524,927 because holders of up to approximately 94.43% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account as set forth in our tender offer or proxy materials (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two business days prior to the commencement of our tender offer or stockholders meeting), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering.
The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial stockholders and the public stockholders:
Shares Purchased
Total Consideration
Average
Price per
Share
Number
Percentage
Amount
Percentage
Initial Stockholders(1)
4,375,000 19.48
%
$ 25,000 0.01
%
$ 0.006
Private Placement Shares
585,000 2.60
%
5,850,000 3.24
%
$ 10.00
Public Stockholders
17,500,000 77.92
%
175,000,000 96.75
%
$ 10.00
22,460,000 100.0
%
$ 180,875,000 100.00
%
(1)
Assumes that 656,250 founder shares are forfeited after the closing of this offering in the event the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option.
 
64
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Dilution
The pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering (assuming the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option) is calculated as follows:
Without
Over-allotment
With
Over-allotment
Numerator:
Net tangible book deficit before this offering
$ (31,625
)
$ (31,625
)
Net proceeds from this offering and sale of the private placement shares(1)
176,350,000 202,600,000
Plus: Offering costs paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value
55,897 55,897
Less: Deferred underwriting commissions
(6,125,000
)
(7,043,750
)
Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to redemption(2)
(165,249,270
)
(190,580,520
)
$ 5,000,002 $ 5,000,002
Denominator:
Class B common stock outstanding prior to this offering
5,031,250 5,031,250
Class B common stock forfeited if over-allotment is not exercised
(656,250
)
—
Class A common stock included in the shares offered
17,500,000 20,125,000
Private placement shares
585,000 637,500
Less: Shares subject to redemption
(16,524,927
)
(19,058,052
)
5,885,073 6,678,198
(1)
Expenses applied against gross proceeds include offering expenses of  $1,000,000 and underwriting commissions of  $3,500,000 (or $4,025,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), excluding deferred underwriting fees. See “Use of Proceeds.”
(2)
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. In the event of any such purchases of our shares prior to the completion of our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption will be reduced by the amount of any such purchases, increasing the pro forma net tangible book value per share. See “Proposed Business—Effecting Our Initial Business Combination—Permitted Purchases of Our Securities.”
 
65
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Capitalization
The following table sets forth our capitalization at February 12, 2021, and as adjusted to give effect to the filing of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the sale of our shares in this offering and the sale of the private placement shares and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities, assuming no exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option:
February 12, 2021
Actual
As
Adjusted(3)
Promissory note- related party(1)
$ — $ 6,125,000
Deferred underwriting commissions
— —
Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, 0 and 16,524,927 shares which are subject to possible redemption, actual and as adjusted, respectively(2)
— 165,249,270
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued
and outstanding actual and as adjusted, respectively
— —
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 0
and 1,510,073 shares issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted,
respectively
— 156
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized; 5,031,250 and 4,370,000 shares issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted, respectively
503 437
Additional paid-in capital
24,497 5,000,137
Accumulated deficit
(728
)
(728
)
Total stockholder’s equity
$ 24,272 $ 5,000,002
Total capitalization
$ 24,272 $ 176,374,272
(1)
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 under an unsecured promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the repayment of any loans made under this note out of the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares. As of February 12, 2021, we have no borrowings under the promissory note.
(2)
Upon the completion of our initial business combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein whereby redemptions cannot cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriters’ commission and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination.
(3)
Actual share amount is prior to any forfeiture of founder shares and the as adjusted amount assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and forfeiture of an aggregate of 656,250 founder shares.
 
66
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation
OVERVIEW
We are a blank check company incorporated on January 8, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement shares, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of this offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing.
The issuance of additional shares in connection with a business combination to the owners of the target or other investors:
➤
may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock;
➤
may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock;
➤
could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
➤
may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
➤
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares, Class A common stock.
Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in:
➤
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
➤
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
➤
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;
➤
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;
➤
our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock;
➤
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
➤
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
➤
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
 
67
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation
➤
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at February 12, 2021, we had $25,000 cash and deferred offering costs of  $55,897. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND KNOWN TRENDS OR FUTURE EVENTS
We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of this offering through receipt of a $25,000 capital contribution from our sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares to our sponsor and up to $300,000 in loans available from our sponsor.
We estimate that the net proceeds from the sale of the shares of Class A stock in this offering and the sale of the private placement shares for an aggregate purchase price of  $5,850,000 (or $6,375,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), after deducting offering expenses of approximately $1,000,000 and underwriting commissions of  $3,500,000 (or $4,025,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of  $6,125,000, or $7,043,750 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be $176,350,000 (or $202,600,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (assuming no redemptions). $175,000,000 (or $201,250,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account, which includes the deferred underwriting commissions described above. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The remaining approximately $1,350,000 will not be held in the trust account. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of  $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of  $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions), if any, to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion of this offering, to be $200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may pay from funds from this offering held outside of the trust account or from interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and released to us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the
 
68
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation
remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we will have available to us the approximately $1,350,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account. We will use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.
We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of  $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The shares would be identical to the private placement shares issued to our sponsor and our direct anchor investor. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately $400,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; $150,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; $75,000 Nasdaq and other regulatory fees; $300,000 for director and officer liability insurance premiums; $240,000 for payment for office space, secretarial and administrative services; and approximately $185,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves.
These amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We
 
69
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation
may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of this offering. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer an emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement.
Prior to the closing of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor has our independent registered public accounting firm tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
➤
staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
➤
reconciliation of accounts;
➤
proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
➤
evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
➤
documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
➤
documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expenses in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent registered public accounting firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
The net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares held in the trust account will be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
 
70
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS; COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS; QUARTERLY RESULTS
As of February 12, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have not conducted any operations to date.
JOBS ACT
The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.
Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent registered public accounting firm’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of this offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
 
71
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Proposed business
INTRODUCTION
We are a newly organized blank check company (“Company”) incorporated in January 2021 as a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We have generated no operating revenues to date, and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we complete our initial business combination.
While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that complement our management team’s background and ability to identify promising opportunities in the life sciences sector.
OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Our management team is led by David Schiff, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Hobson, our Chief Financial Officer and a director, and Claes Ekstrom, our Chief Business Officer. Our sponsor is an affiliate of Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC, or Innovatus Capital, and Messrs. Schiff and Hobson are partners at Innovatus Capital.
We believe that the experience and capabilities of our management team and board of directors will make us an attractive partner to potential target businesses, enhance our ability to complete a successful initial business combination and enhance the value of the business post-business combination. Additionally, we believe the extensive relationship network of our management team and from our affiliation with Innovatus Capital, combined with our operating, investing, capital markets and transaction experience, provide us with a competitive advantage.
David Schiff has been our Chief Executive Officer since our inception in January 2021 and serves as the Chairman of our Board of Directors. Mr. Schiff has an over 25-year career developing and investing in special situations, private equity, emerging asset classes, private credit, asset-based investments and in the life sciences sector. Mr. Schiff is a founding partner of Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC a New York-based registered investment adviser and portfolio management firm with over $1.6 billion in capital under management as of December 31, 2019. Mr. Schiff is also a Portfolio Manager and Chair of the Investment Committee for the Innovatus Life Sciences Strategy. Mr. Schiff serves on the board of many of the portfolio companies, including Samsara Vision, Inc., a company that has developed an implantable telescope for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration. From 2008 to 2016, Mr. Schiff was a Partner at Perella Weinberg Partners and was the Portfolio Manager of the Asset Backed Value Strategy (“ABV Strategy”). Through Mr. Schiff’s and the ABV investment team’s leadership, over a dozen different operating businesses and joint ventures have been launched, including Life Sciences Alternative Funding. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Schiff was a Director at Wachovia Securities, where he was responsible for developing various structured principal finance opportunities. From 1993 to 2001, Mr. Schiff held various senior management positions at JPMorgan in the Asset Backed Securities and Securitization groups.
Andrew Hobson has been our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since our inception in January 2021 and serves on our Board of Directors. Mr. Hobson has been a Partner and the Chief Financial Officer of Innovatus Capital since joining the firm in 2016. He oversees accounting and finance for Innovatus Capital. Prior to joining Innovatus Capital, Mr. Hobson was Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Univision Communications Inc. from 1994 to 2015. At Univision, he was a member of the senior executive team which managed Univision’s significant revenue growth and EBITDA growth. Mr. Hobson, while at Univision, also conducted all of its merger and acquisition, investment, capital markets, and financial and strategic planning activities. In addition, he negotiated, executed and integrated over 20 acquisitions and a dozen complex joint ventures. From 1990 to 1994, Mr. Hobson was a
 
72
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
Principal at Chartwell Partners, LLC where he executed the $550 million leveraged buyout of Univision Communications from Hallmark Cards yielding significant returns on its initial investment. Mr. Hobson was a Vice President at Bankers Trust from 1984 to 1990 where he was responsible for initiating and executing over 20 acquisition or divestiture engagements.
Claes Ekstrom has been our Chief Business Officer since our inception in January 2021. Mr. Ekstrom has served as Managing Director, Head of Life Sciences, at Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC, a private investment firm, since January 2016. Mr. Ekstrom has over 24 years of experience in asset-backed investing, mergers & acquisitions and corporate finance across healthcare and various other industries. From April 2011 to January 2016, Mr. Ekstrom was a member of the Perella Weinberg Partners’ Asset Based Value Strategy Investment Team, where he focused on corporate, healthcare, and consumer opportunities. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Ekstrom was a Managing Director at Bentley Associates, a boutique investment bank focusing on middle market M&A and private placements. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Ekstrom served as a Director in the M&A group at Merrill Lynch & Co. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Ekstrom was a Senior Vice President of the healthcare investment banking group at Lehman Brothers, where he provided M&A and financing advice to leading healthcare companies and healthcare investors. Mr. Ekstrom started his investment banking career with Merrill Lynch & Co. in 1996 and was a member of the M&A group where he executed M&A transactions across a wide range of industries.
Luis Diaz, M.D. has agreed to serve as an independent member of our Board of Directors following the completion of this offering and will also serve as a member of the Board’s Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Since December 2016, Dr. Diaz has served as Head of the Division of Solid Tumor Oncology at the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, where he specializes in the treatment of advanced pancreatic and colorectal cancers and directs the Precision and Prevention & Interception Program. Dr. Diaz has founded several healthcare companies focused on cancer therapy and diagnostics including: Sysmex Inostics, Inc., a molecular diagnostic company that is a pioneer in blood-based cell-free tumor DNA (ctDNA) mutation detection in oncology, which he founded in 2008; Personal Genome Diagnostics (“PGDx”), a private company developing regulated tissue-based and non-invasive biopsy genomic products for laboratories, where he has served as a Chairman of the Board of Directors since he founded it in 2010; and PapGen (Thrive), a molecular diagnostic company dedicated to advancing the early detection of cancer, which he founded in 2014. Prior to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, from July 2004 to December 2016, Dr. Diaz was a member of the Ludwig Center for Cancer Genetics and Therapeutics at Johns Hopkins University and the head of the Swim Across America Laboratory at Johns Hopkins. Dr. Diaz is currently a member of the board of directors of Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:JNCE), a publicly traded immune-oncology company.
Geoffrey Duyk, M.D., Ph.D., one of our director nominees, is the Founder and Managing Partner of Circularis L.P., an investment firm focused on technology-enabled companies that advance the circular economy, promote sustainability, and enhance resource efficiency, where he leads the partnership investment in late stage venture/early stage growth technology enabled companies and actively supports portfolio companies as a director. Circularis is a sub-advisor to the TPG Alternative & Renewable Technologies Fund. Prior to that, from 2004 to 2017, he was a Managing Director and Partner of TPG Alternative & Renewable Technologies / TPG Biotechnology. Prior to TPG, Dr. Duyk served on the Board of Directors and was President of Research and Development at Exelixis. Prior to Exelixis, Dr. Duyk was one of the founding scientific staff at Millennium Pharmaceuticals (not affiliated with our direct anchor investor) and served as Vice President of Genomics. Prior to his tenure at Millennium, Dr. Duyk was an Assistant Professor at Harvard Medical School (HMS) in the Department of Genetics and an Assistant Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI). While at HMS, Dr. Duyk was a Co-Principal Investigator in the National Institutes of Health-funded Cooperative Human Linkage Center. Dr. Duyk holds a Ph.D. and M.D. from Case Western Reserve University. He completed his medical and fellowship training at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). While at UCSF, Dr. Duyk was a fellow of the Lucille P. Markey Foundation and was awarded a post-doctoral fellowship from HHMI. He is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Dr. Duyk currently serves on the Board of Directors of Amyris (Nasdaq: AMRS), Anuvia Plant Nutrients; Concentric Agriculture, OncoBay Clinical and Regen Holdings. He is a former member of the Board of Directors and the executive committee for the American Society of Human Genetics and currently serves on its finance and investment committees. He is a trustee of Case Western Reserve University, where he chairs the finance committee and sits on the
 
73
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
executive committee. He is a member of the Institute Board of Directors of the Moffitt Cancer Center, where he chairs the research and development committee. He also serves as a member of the Scientific Advisory Board for Lawrence Berkeley National Lab Department of Energy and previously served as a member of the Scientific Advisory Board for Bayer Crop Sciences, Jackson Laboratories.
R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D., one of our director nominees, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors for Bionano Genomics, Inc., a genome analysis company providing tools and services based on its Saphyr system to scientists and clinicians conducting genetic research and patient testing, and providing diagnostic testing for those with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and other neurodevelopmental disabilities through its Lineagen business, since January 2011. From June 2010 to February 2011, Dr. Holmlin served as president and Chief Executive Officer of GenVault Corporation, a private biosample management solutions company. Previously, Dr. Holmlin held positions as an entrepreneur in residence at Domain Associates, a dedicated life sciences venture capital firm; Chief Commercial Officer of Exiqon A/S, a publicly traded RNA research solutions company; founder and executive at GeneOhm Sciences, which was acquired by Becton Dickinson and Company; and a National Institutes of Health postdoctoral fellow at Harvard University. Until June 2016, Dr. Holmlin served as a director of Nanosphere, Inc., a publicly traded molecular diagnostic company, which was subsequently acquired by Luminex Corporation, a publicly traded biological testing company.
Amit Khasgiwala has been a member of our Investment Team since our inception in January 2021. Mr. Khasgiwala joined Innovatus Capital in 2017 where he currently serves as an Associate at Innovatus Capital. At Innovatus Capital, he has reviewed and advised on many of the firm’s investments in the biotechnology and life sciences sector. From 2016 to 2017, Mr. Khasgiwala was an Associate at Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s Healthcare Investment Banking Group where he advised on various IPOs and acquisitions, and built life science, medical technology, and healthcare models for prospective clients. In 2015, Mr. Khasgiwala worked at UBS’ Equity Research Group, Pharmaceutical Sector. Mr. Khasgiwala was a Senior Automation Engineer, NNE Pharmaplan from 2011 to 2014 where he consulted with biotech clients on manufacturing processes of Phase IV drugs in FDA regulated facilities. He was also an Applications Services Associate at Merck & Co., Inc. from 2008 to 2011 where he designed automated manufacturing processes for high-valued vaccines.
Ashley Lim has been a member of our Investment Team since our inception in January 2021. Ms. Lim joined Innovatus Capital in 2020 where she currently serves as an Associate at Innovatus Capital. At Innovatus Capital, she has reviewed and advised on some of the firm’s investments in the biotechnology and life sciences sector. Prior to joining Innovatus Capital, Ms. Lim was an Associate at RBC Capital Markets Investment Banking Healthcare Group (2017-2020). There, she advised companies on IPOs, equity follow-ons, M&A, and LBO transactions across the life sciences, medical technology and healthcare industries. Before that, she was an Assistant Vice President at DBS Singapore Regional Business Analytics where she implemented regional strategic initiatives (2013-2015). From 2010 to 2013 she was a Business Consultant at Ernst & Young Advisory where she advised clients on business strategy and execution. From 2008 to 2010, she was a Management Associate at Citi where she managed a portfolio of credit payment products and overseas property financings.
Our management team has extensive experience investing in life sciences companies. We believe that our management team is capable of identifying attractive businesses, executing acquisitions, and adding value post-deal completion. Additionally, we believe Innovatus Capital’s extensive global network of relationships will enable us to pursue a broad range of opportunities. We believe our management team’s ability to identify and implement transformational growth and operational value creation initiatives will remain central to our acquisition strategy. Additionally, our network and affiliation with Innovatus Capital will allow us to rely heavily on an existing infrastructure of resources that will assist in due diligence and, ultimately, structuring an acquisition.
Past performance by our management team or Innovatus Capital is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. No member of our management team has had significant management experience with special purpose acquisition companies in the past. You should not rely on the historical record of our management’s or Innovatus Capital’s performance as indicative of our future performance. In addition, for a list of our executive officers and entities for which a conflict
 
74
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
of interest may or does exist between such officers and the Company, as well as the priority and preference that such entity has with respect to performance of obligations and presentation of business opportunities to us, please refer to the table and subsequent explanatory paragraph under “Management—Conflicts of Interest.”
INNOVATUS CAPITAL
Founded by industry veterans David Schiff and Andrew Dym in October 2015, Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC is a boutique private equity firm with 27 professionals focused on creating value in special situations, growth equity, emerging asset classes, private credit and asset-based investments. Innovatus Capital is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment advisor under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and manages over $1.6 billion of capital as of December 31, 2019, including capital as sub advisor of Perella Weinberg Partners’ Asset Based Value Strategy Funds (“ABV Funds”). Approximately a substantial portion of Innovatus Capital’s investments are in life sciences companies.
Innovatus Capital is an active investor in life science companies, with significant public and private equity experience. Innovatus Capital has a substantial track record in direct origination of venture loans and growth equity investment opportunities. Since 2017, Innovatus Capital has evaluated numerous life sciences companies, investing in 15 companies and deployed over $370 million in capital to, among others, Personal Genome Diagnostics, Biodesix, Inc., Biotheranostics and Bionano Genomics, Inc. As of December 31, 2020, Innovatus Capital’s managed funds, including the ABV Funds, owned minority equity stakes in Biodesix, Personal Genome Diagnostics Conformis, DNAnexus, Akoya Biosciences and Bionano Genomics. Innovatus Capital’s success has been earned through the collective efforts and expertise of Messrs. Ekstrom and Schiff, who have worked together for more than 10 years. Prior to Innovatus Capital, they were responsible for creating Life Sciences Alternative Funding, a life sciences lender founded by the ABV Funds in 2012 overseeing all the ABV Fund life sciences investments and creating a venture lending portfolio.
Innovatus Capital’s Life Sciences Advisory Board includes Geoffrey Duyk, M.D., Ph.D., Luis Diaz, M.D., two leaders in the life sciences industry who provide counsel to Innovatus Capital on its Life Science Strategy, and Erik Holmlin Ph.D., who will serve as our independent directors. Our independent directors have strong relationships with venture capital investors, entrepreneurs and board members in the life sciences industry that may produce promising business combination opportunities. Moreover, our independent directors have significant experience in leading both large and small life sciences companies as well as recognized and impactful medical research at leading universities, including Harvard University and Johns Hopkins University. We intend to capitalize on our independent board members’ relationships and experience to identify and assess potential acquisition targets and complete a successful business combination.
INDUSTRY OPPORTUNITY
While we may acquire a target business in any industry or sector, we intend to focus on life sciences companies in the United States. We believe the healthcare industry, and in particular the life sciences sector, represents a growing market with a large number of potential acquisition opportunities. In 2019, total U.S. national health expenditures represented approximately $3.8 trillion, and the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services estimated that total healthcare spending accounted for approximately 18% of total U.S. Gross Domestic Product. According to IBISWorld, in February 2020, the global biotechnology market is expected to grow almost 2.9% to over $294 billion in revenue in 2020. We believe the healthcare industry, and in particular the life sciences sector, represents a growing market with a large number of potential acquisition opportunities.
THE CURRENT LIFE SCIENCES IPO MARKET
The current dynamics in the life sciences IPO market may enhance our ability to locate an attractive target. Over 200 life sciences companies have gone public since 2016 in the United States. Despite the current level of IPO activity, according to IBISWorld, in February 2020 there were estimated to be over 9,500 biotechnology companies globally, only a fraction of which are publicly traded. These privately held
 
75
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
biotechnology companies represent an enormous investment opportunity, and recent trends in equity capital markets continue to demonstrate their desire to access public capital.
We believe that life sciences companies, at a certain stage in their development, will see material benefits from being publicly traded, including greater access to capital, more liquid securities, and increased customer awareness.
Given the track record of Innovatus Capital, as an affiliate of our sponsor, for identifying, evaluating, and investing in leading life sciences companies, we believe a business combination target we identify will benefit by partnering with us to go public.
ACQUISITION STRATEGY
We plan to utilize the network and industry experience of our management team and Innovatus Capital in seeking an initial business combination and employing our acquisition strategy. We expect to leverage their: (i) deep network and proprietary access to acquisition targets and deal sourcing, (ii) substantial due diligence and underwriting expertise to evaluate and assess acquisition targets, and (iii) broad and successful M&A experience and service as a strategic partner and steward to various companies. All these factors are conducive toward negotiating and completing a successful business combination for the Company.
Proprietary Access to Acquisition Targets and Deal Sourcing
We believe we are uniquely positioned to identify potential acquisition targets in our target sectors. Innovatus Capital is a leader in life sciences venture lending. Since 2017, Innovatus Capital has evaluated numerous life sciences investment opportunities and deployed over $370 million in capital. Innovatus Capital acquires board observation rights in connection with its investments and is actively involved with the venture capital investors of its borrowers, which gives it a differentiated connectivity with venture capital firms and management teams. Innovatus Capital solidifies its relationship with these firms by providing more than just capital but strategic and operational insight, including assisting companies with the transition from R&D-focused to commercial-oriented organization. Moreover, our independent directors have strong relationships with venture capital investors, board members and management teams in the life sciences industry, that they have established over the last few decades as board members, senior executives, or scientists at leading life sciences companies. Furthermore, our independent directors are, or have been, members of prestigious research centers and institutes, where they were involved in many ground-breaking discoveries in life sciences, which provides another sourcing channel for potential acquisition targets.
Innovatus Capital has built a multi-channel origination strategy designed to address a broad set of investment opportunities in venture backed companies, where it has an established advantage over larger, private equity investors. Its industry-wide connectivity with venture capital firms, entrepreneurs, healthcare executives as well as leading investment banking firms and research-driven sourcing strategy, provide us with a proprietary deal flow, which we believe will provide a competitive advantage in sourcing potential business combination targets.
Due Diligence Expertise
Innovatus Capital has substantial due diligence and valuation experience in the life sciences space. Innovatus Capital distinguishes itself by focusing on the dynamics of the business, including the size of the market opportunity, the strength of the product(s) and the management team. The firm performs significant due diligence to achieve a complete understanding of each target company, including speaking to key opinion leaders to understand the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of each target company, as well as to evaluate healthcare breakthroughs and identify innovation with groundbreaking potential.
Innovatus Capital works closely with patent, regulatory and insurance reimbursement experts to perform intellectual property / patents review and freedom-to-operate assessments; regulatory pathway assessments and clinical study reviews; Medicare and commercial payor reimbursement reviews. Innovatus Capital also conducts in-depth valuation analysis and quantifies capital requirements to achieve
 
76
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
development milestones and to create commercial infrastructure for approved products. Our fundamental scientific approach enables us to identify companies with a clear competitive advantage and potential to deliver meaningful upside optionality.
Our independent directors further our ability to assess the scientific and clinical data, as well as the commercial strength of an opportunity. Dr. Luis Diaz, Dr. Geoffrey Duyk and Dr. Erik Holmlin have successfully formed and funded spin-out companies from leading, research-driven organizations. Dr. Diaz is an authority in oncology, having founded several companies that focus on genomic analysis of cancer, including Personal Genome Diagnostics (“PGDx”), Sysmex Inostics, and PapGene, a company that was absorbed into Thrive Earlier Detection which recently was sold to Exact Sciences for up to $2.15 billion. Dr. Duyk was previously a partner at TPG where he co-led TPG Biotechnology which invested in life sciences with a focus on drug discovery and development, molecular diagnostics, clinical and research services, and healthcare IT. Dr. Holmlin is the President and CEO of Bionano Genomics, a publicly traded life sciences company focused on providing tools and services for genome analysis. We believe these individuals are at the forefront of technical and scientific innovation within the life sciences industry.
M&A and Roll-Up Expertise
Innovatus Capital and our management team is experienced at acquiring companies on what they believe to be favorable terms. Because of their broad operating experience, we believe we can guide companies through growth and product development processes, and an expected ultimate successful commercialization and exit. We believe our significant M&A expertise will enable us to negotiate and execute a successful business combination. Furthermore, while certain life sciences products have long lucrative life cycles with high profitability, the industry remains fragmented and we believe most companies are under-resourced and under-scaled. We believe there is a significant opportunity to create value for investors following the initial business combination by pursuing an acquisition strategy of smaller, complementary businesses to achieve cost and revenue synergies.
INVESTMENT CRITERIA
We have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses based on our investment strategy and process. These criteria are not meant to be exhaustive, and we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet all of these criteria. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses that we believe have proven technology with multiple products or product candidates targeting an unmet medical need in large markets with high barriers to entry and are poised for significant commercial success.
➤
Targets Significant Unmet Medical Needs.   We will seek to identify businesses targeting significant unmet medical needs. We believe that filling material gaps in treatment paradigms aligns all relevant stakeholders including patients, payors, and regulators and offers the best opportunity for differentiated risk-adjusted returns.
➤
Have A High Probability of Clinical and Regulatory Success.   The core of our investment approach will be to target companies whose products have received regulatory approval or, for biotechnology/ pharmaceutical companies, have a technology platform with multiple clinical stage assets that we believe will have a high probability of clinical and regulatory success.
➤
Leverage Innovative Science and Approaches to Drug Development.   For biotechnology and pharmaceutical opportunities, we intend to identify businesses that leverage innovative approaches to drug discovery and development including genetics, genomics, and biomarkers which we believe allow for early evidence of clinical benefit and more capital-efficient drug development with higher probabilities of success.
➤
Possess Scarcity Value via a Unique Technology to Achieve Superior Clinical Outcomes.   We intend to identify businesses with unique technologies and approaches for treating patients resulting in asset scarcity value and the creation of a differentiated profile for a publicly traded company.
➤
Generates Cost Savings to the Healthcare System.   We intend to identify businesses whose product(s) provide an economic savings to the healthcare system and is positioned to facilitate rapid adoption among patients, physicians, and payors.
 
77
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
➤
Have Strong Existing Management or Key Expertise That Can Benefit from the Managerial Experience of Our Team and Board.   We intend to focus on companies with strong and experienced management teams who could benefit from the guidance of our management team and board of directors. In addition, if needed, members of our management team or board of directors may be willing to take operating or board roles following a business combination.
The evaluation of a particular business combination target may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria as well as other considerations that our management may deem relevant.
INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION
Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our Board of Directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our Board of Directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target’s assets or prospects.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80% of net assets test described above. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.
We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering, the private placement of the private placement shares, if any, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of this offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.
If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business
 
78
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.
We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.
Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
SOURCING OF POTENTIAL INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION TARGETS
Certain members of our management team have spent significant portions of their careers working with businesses in the life sciences industry, and have developed a wide network of professional services contacts and business relationships in that industry. The members of our Board of Directors also have significant executive management and public company experience with life sciences and life science-related companies.
This network has provided our management team with a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with an important source of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banks, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
As more fully discussed in “Management—Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our executive officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. All of our executive officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or
 
79
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
We anticipate that target business candidates will also be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, private investment funds and other intermediaries. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors.
FINANCIAL POSITION
With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of  $168,875,000 (assuming no redemptions), after payment of  $6,125,000 of deferred underwriting fees (or $194,206,250 (assuming no redemptions) after payment of  $7,043,750 of deferred underwriting fees if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.
LACK OF BUSINESS DIVERSIFICATION
For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
➤
subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and
➤
cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
LIMITED ABILITY TO EVALUATE THE TARGET’S MANAGEMENT TEAM
Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs
 
80
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
STOCKHOLDERS MAY NOT HAVE THE ABILITY TO APPROVE OUR INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION
We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons.
Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction.
Type of Transaction
Whether
Stockholder
Approval is
Required
Purchase of assets
No
Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company
No
Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company
No
Merger of the company with a target
Yes
Under Nasdaq’s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:
➤
We issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of our shares of common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering);
➤
Any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5% or greater interest earned on the trust account (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5% or more; or
➤
The issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control.
PERMITTED PURCHASES OF OUR SECURITIES
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any
 
81
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act.
In the event that our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
Our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of Class A common stock) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the stockholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements.
REDEMPTION RIGHTS FOR PUBLIC STOCKHOLDERS UPON COMPLETION OF OUR INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
LIMITATIONS ON REDEMPTIONS
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In addition,
 
82
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of this offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements.
MANNER OF CONDUCTING REDEMPTIONS
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq’s stockholder approval rules.
The requirement that we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above will be contained in provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon.
If we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting, we will:
➤
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
➤
file proxy materials with the SEC.
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and private placement shares they hold and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our sponsor’s founder shares and private placement shares, we would need only 6,328,501 or 36.2%, of the 17,500,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). In the event that our anchor investors purchase all shares for which they have expressed an interest (either in this offering or after) and vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any additional public shares to be voted in
 
83
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
favor of our initial business combination for our initial business combination to be approved, assuming that all of our outstanding shares are voted in connection with our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will complete our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction.
If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will:
➤
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and
➤
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination, which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
We intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not
 
84
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of this offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements.
LIMITATION ON REDEMPTION UPON COMPLETION OF OUR INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION IF WE SEEK STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
DELIVERING STOCK CERTIFICATES IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF REDEMPTION RIGHTS
As described above, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two business days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.
There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately $80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or
 
85
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.
Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination.
If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.
If our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of this offering.
REDEMPTION OF PUBLIC SHARES AND LIQUIDATION IF NO INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such 24-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial stockholders, sponsor or management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 24-month time period.
Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time.
We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately $1,350,000
 
86
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to $100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.
If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses for the dissolution of the trust, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.00.
The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than $10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims.
Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriters of this offering and our auditors will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of  (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public
 
87
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of  (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.00 per share.
We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately $1,350,000 from the proceeds of this offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately $100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of  $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of  $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
 
88
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.
Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote.
 
89
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
COMPARISON OF REDEMPTION OR PURCHASE PRICES IN CONNECTION WITH OUR INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION AND IF WE FAIL TO COMPLETE OUR INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION.
The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
Redemptions in
Connection with our
Initial Business
Combination
Other Permitted Purchases
of Public Shares by our
Affiliates
Redemptions if we fail to
Complete an Initial
Business Combination
Calculation of redemption price
Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to and/or to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes pay able and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
 
90
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
Redemptions in
Connection with our
Initial Business
Combination
Other Permitted Purchases
of Public Shares by our
Affiliates
Redemptions if we fail to
Complete an Initial
Business Combination
Impact to remaining stockholders
The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and interest withdrawn in order to pay our taxes (to the extent not paid from amounts accrued as interest on the funds held in the trust account).
If the permitted purchases described above are made, there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us.
The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial stockholders, who will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions.
COMPARISON OF THIS OFFERING TO THOSE OF BLANK CHECK COMPANIES SUBJECT TO RULE 419
The following table compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419. This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering.
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds
$175,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares will be deposited into a trust account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. Approximately $154,350,000 of the offering proceeds, representing the gross proceeds of this offering, would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
Investment of net proceeds
$175,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares held in trust will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
Receipt of interest on escrowed funds
Interest on proceeds from the trust account to be paid to stockholders is reduced by (i) any taxes paid or payable and (ii) in the event of our Interest on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to
 
91
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
liquidation for failure to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time, up to $100,000 of net interest that may be released to us should we have no or insufficient working capital to fund the costs and expenses of our dissolution and liquidation. us in connection with our completion of a business combination.
Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business
We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
Trading of securities issued
The shares are expected to begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. No trading of the shares or the underlying Class A common stock would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the shares of Class A common stock would be held in the escrow or trust account.
Election to remain an investor
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. We may not be required by law to hold a stockholder vote. If we are not required by law and do not otherwise decide to hold a stockholder vote, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC A prospectus containing information pertaining to the business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post-effective amendment to the company’s registration statement, to decide if he, she or it elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of his, her or its investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the
 
92
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, we hold a stockholder vote, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. securities are issued.
Business combination deadline
If we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in If an acquisition has not been completed within 18 months after the effective date of the company’s registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors.
 
93
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
all cases subject to the requirements of other applicable law.
Release of funds
Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay our taxes, none of the funds held in trust will be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
Delivering stock certificates in connection with the exercise of redemption rights
We intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days Many blank check companies provide that a stockholder can vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating that such stockholder is seeking to exercise its redemption rights. After the business combination is approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for delivery of its share certificates to verify ownership.
 
94
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
Terms of Our Offering
Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two business days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights.
Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering if we hold a stockholder vote
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not restrict our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Many blank check companies provide no restrictions on the ability of stockholders to redeem shares based on the number of shares held by such stockholders in connection with an initial business combination.
COMPETITION
In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and the
 
95
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.
FACILITIES
We currently utilize office space at 777 Third Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, New York 10017 from our sponsor and the members of our management team. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
EMPLOYEES
We currently have three executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer, David Schiff, our Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Hobson, and our Chief Business Officer, Claes Ekstrom. No members of our management team are obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process.
PERIODIC REPORTING AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION
We will register our shares of Class A common stock under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.
We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination.
Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
 
96
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Proposed business
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of  (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.
 
97
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Management
DIRECTORS, DIRECTOR NOMINEES AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Our directors, director nominees and officers are as follows:
Name
Age
Position
David Schiff
49 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Andrew Hobson
59 Chief Financial Officer and Director
Claes Ekstrom
50 Chief Business Officer
Luis Diaz
50 Director Nominee
Geoffrey Duyk
61 Director Nominee
R. Erik Holmlin
53 Director Nominee
David Schiff, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since our inception, has served as a Partner at Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC, a private investment firm, since its inception in October 2015. Mr. Schiff has over twenty-five years of experience developing and investing in asset-backed and structured products. From February 2008 to January 2016, Mr. Schiff was a Partner at Perella Weinberg Partners, a global financial services firm focused on investment banking advisory services, where he served as the Portfolio Manager of the Asset Based Value Funds. Prior to joining Perella Weinberg Partners, Mr. Schiff was the CEO and CIO of Broadworth Capital, an asset-backed focused investment vehicle for two high net worth families in 2007. In 2006, he was a Managing Director at Amaranth Advisors, where he was responsible for the construction of its non-mortgage Asset Backed Securities (“ABS”) portfolio, and subsequently oversaw the liquidation of that portfolio. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Schiff was a Director at Wachovia Securities, where he was responsible for developing various structured principal finance opportunities. From 1993 to 2001, Mr. Schiff held various senior management positions while he was at JPMorgan in the ABS and Securitization groups. Mr. Schiff currently serves on the Board of Directors of Flagship Marine Ventures LLC, a shipping business focused on the long range product tankers, Infinity Transportation III LLC, a railcar and intermodal leasing business, and White Pine Trading LLC, a diamond trading business. Mr. Schiff received a B.S. with distinction in Consumer Economics and Housing from Cornell University. Mr. Schiff is well qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive investing experience.
Andrew Hobson, our Chief Financial Officer and a director since our inception, has served as a Partner and Chief Financial Officer at Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC, a private investment firm, since January 2016. From 1994 to 2015, Mr. Hobson served in various roles at Univision Communications Inc. (“Univision”), a media company, including Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from October 2007 through February 2015, during which time he was responsible for all financial aspects of the company. Prior to his employment at Univision, Mr. Hobson served as a Principal at Chartwell Partners LLC from 1990 to 1994. Mr. Hobson has served as chairman of the board of directors of Cumulus Media, Inc. since June 2018, and on the board of directors of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., since April 2019. Mr. Hobson holds a B.S.E. in both Finance and Accounting, magna cum laude, from University of Pennsylvania—The Wharton School. Mr. Hobson is well qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive experience with public companies and background in finance and accounting.
Claes Ekstrom, our Chief Business Officer since our inception, has served as Managing Director, Head of Life Sciences, at Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC, a private investment firm, since January 2016. Mr. Ekstrom has over 24 years of experience in asset-backed investing, mergers & acquisitions and corporate finance across healthcare and various other industries. From April 2011 to January 2016, Mr. Ekstrom was a member of the Perella Weinberg Partners’ Asset Based Value Strategy Investment Team, where he focused on corporate, healthcare, and consumer opportunities. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Ekstrom was a Managing Director at Bentley Associates, a boutique investment bank focusing on middle market M&A and private placements. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Ekstrom served as a Director in the M&A group at Merrill Lynch & Co. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Ekstrom was a Senior Vice President of the healthcare investment banking group at Lehman Brothers, where he provided M&A and financing advice to leading
 
98
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management
healthcare companies and healthcare investors. Mr. Ekstrom started his investment banking career with Merrill Lynch & Co. in 1996 and was a member of the M&A group where he executed M&A transactions across a wide range of industries. Mr. Ekstrom received a M.Sc. in Economics and Business Administration from the Stockholm School of Economics.
Luis Diaz, M.D. will be one of our independent directors as of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Since December 2016, Dr. Diaz has served as Head of the Division of Solid Tumor Oncology at the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, where he specializes in the treatment of advanced pancreatic and colorectal cancers and directs the Precision and Prevention & Interception Program. Dr. Diaz has founded several healthcare companies focused on cancer therapy and diagnostics including: Sysmex Inostics, Inc., a molecular diagnostic company that is a pioneer in blood-based cell-free tumor DNA (ctDNA) mutation detection in oncology, which he founded in 2008; Personal Genome Diagnostics (“PGDx”), a private company developing regulated tissue-based and non-invasive biopsy genomic products for laboratories, where he has served as a Chairman of the Board of Directors since he founded it in 2010; and PapGen (Thrive), a molecular diagnostic company dedicated to advancing the early detection of cancer, which he founded in 2014. Prior to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, from July 2004 to December 2016, Dr. Diaz was a member of the Ludwig Center for Cancer Genetics and Therapeutics at Johns Hopkins University and the head of the Swim Across America Laboratory at Johns Hopkins. Dr. Diaz is currently a member of the board of directors of Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:JNCE), a publicly traded immune-oncology company. Dr. Diaz received his undergraduate and medical degrees from the University of Michigan and completed his post-doctoral training at Johns Hopkins University. Dr. Diaz is well qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive experience in the life sciences industry and in developing startup life sciences companies.
Geoffrey Duyk, M.D., Ph.D. will be one of our independent directors as of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Since October 2017, Dr. Duyk has served as the Managing Partner of Circularis LP, a group focused on supporting technology-enabled companies that advance the circular economy and promote sustainability as well as resource efficiency, where he leads the partnership investment in late stage venture/early stage growth technology enabled companies and actively supports portfolio companies as a director. Prior to founding Circularis LP, Dr. Duyk served as a partner and managing director of TPG Alternative & Renewable Technologies/TPG Biotechnology, a technology focused investment firm (together with its affiliates, “TPG”), from 2004 to 2017. Prior to TPG, he served on the board of directors and was President of Research and Development at Exelixis, Inc. (“Exelixis”), a biotechnology company focusing on drug discovery, from 1996 to 2003. Prior to Exelixis, Dr. Duyk was Vice President of Genomics and one of the founding scientific staff at Millennium Pharmaceuticals (“Millennium Pharmaceuticals”), from 1993 to 1996. Before his employment at Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Dr. Duyk was an Assistant Professor at Harvard Medical School in the Department of Genetics and Assistant Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. Dr. Duyk currently serves on the boards of directors of: Amyris (Nasdaq: AMRS), Anuvia Plant Nutrients; Concentric Ag Corporation (formerly Inocucor Technologies, Inc.); and ReGen Holdings Limited as well as on the nonprofit Case Western Reserve University Board of Trustees. Dr. Duyk is also a member of the Institute Board of Directors of the Moffitt Cancer Center where he chairs the Research and Development committee. Dr. Duyk serves as a member of Scientific Advisory Boards for HudsonAlpha, and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (DOE). Dr. Duyk holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology from Wesleyan University and a Ph.D. in Biochemistry and M.D. from Case Western Reserve University. Dr. Duyk is well qualified to serve as a director because of his experience within the biotechnology industry.
R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D. will be one of our independent directors as of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Dr. Holmlin has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors for Bionano Genomics, Inc., a genome analysis company providing tools and services based on its Saphyr system to scientists and clinicians conducting genetic research and patient testing, and providing diagnostic testing for those with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and other neurodevelopmental disabilities through its Lineagen business, since January 2011. From June 2010 to February 2011, Dr. Holmlin served as president and Chief Executive Officer of GenVault Corporation, a private biosample management solutions company. Previously, Dr. Holmlin held positions as an entrepreneur in residence at Domain Associates, a life sciences venture capital firm; Chief Commercial Officer of Exiqon A/S, a publicly traded RNA research solutions company; founder and
 
99
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management
executive at GeneOhm Sciences, which was acquired by Becton Dickinson and Company; and a National Institutes of Health postdoctoral fellow at Harvard University. Until June 2016, Dr. Holmlin served as a director of Nanosphere, Inc., a publicly traded molecular diagnostic company, which was subsequently acquired by Luminex Corporation, a publicly traded biological testing company. Dr. Holmlin received his bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Occidental College, his Ph.D. in chemistry from the California Institute of Technology and MBAs from University of California, Berkeley and Columbia University. Dr. Holmlin is well qualified to serve as a director because of his experience within the biotechnology industry.
NUMBER AND TERMS OF OFFICE OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
Our Board of Directors will consist of five members divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, which will consist of Dr. Holmlin, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, which will consist of Drs. Luis Diaz and Geoffrey Duyk, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, which will consist of David Schiff and Andrew Hobson, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders.
Our officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. Our Board of Directors has determined that Drs. Luis Diaz, Geoffrey Duyk and R. Erik Holmlin, are “independent directors” as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the Board of Directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our Board of Directors.
We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.
 
100
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Our Board of Directors will have two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
We will have an audit committee of the Board of Directors. Dr. Luis Diaz, Dr. Geoffrey Duyk and Dr. R. Erik Holmlin will serve as members of our audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to the exception described below.
Dr. Geoffrey Duyk will serve as the chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our Board of Directors has determined that Dr. Duyk will qualify as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules.
We will adopt an audit committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the audit committee, including:
➤
assisting board oversight of  (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;
➤
pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;
➤
setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor’s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;
➤
meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and
➤
reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
We will establish a compensation committee of our Board of Directors. The members of our compensation committee will be Dr. Luis Diaz and Dr. Geoffrey Duyk, and Dr. R. Erik Holmlin will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
➤
reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer’s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer’s performance in light of such
 
101
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management
goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer’s based on such evaluation;
➤
reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;
➤
reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;
➤
implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
➤
assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
➤
approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;
➤
producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
➤
reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of up to $10,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, secretarial and administrative services and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.
The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.
DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS
We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Dr. Luis Diaz, Dr. Geoffrey Duyk and Dr. R. Erik Holmlin. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place.
We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION
None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board of Directors.
 
102
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management
CODE OF ETHICS
Prior to the consummation of this offering, we will adopt a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We will file a copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the committees of our board of directors will be provided without charge upon request from us. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” If we make any amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. The information included on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form S-1 or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:
➤
the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;
➤
the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and
➤
it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and may only decide to present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity and consummating the same would not violate any restrictive covenants to which such officers and directors are subject. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations:
Individual
Entity
Entity’s Business
Affiliation
David Schiff Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC Investment Company Officer
Andrew Hobson Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC Cummulus Media, Inc. Investment Company Audio Broadcasting Officer Director
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising Director
Claes Ekstrom Innovatus Capital Partners, LLC Investment Company Managing Director
Dr. Luis Diaz Personal Genome Diagnostics Genomics Director
Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. Immunotherapy Director
Dr. Geoffrey Duyk Circularis LP Investment Company Partner
Dr. R. Erik Holmlin Bionano Genomics, Inc. Genome Analysis Officer
 
103
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with our Sponsor, or one or more of its affiliates, which we refer to as an “Affiliated Joint Acquisition.” Such entities may participate with us in an investment in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future, may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may participate with us in an investment in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. In addition, the Company and its affiliates, including our officers and directors who are affiliated with the Company, may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:
➤
Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.
➤
Our initial stockholders purchased founder shares prior to the date of this prospectus and will purchase private placement shares in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our initial stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our initial stockholders with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after this offering. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Furthermore, our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own common stock directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
 
104
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Management
➤
Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we will also pay our sponsor or an affiliate up to $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team.
We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.
In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of initial business combination.
LIMITATION ON LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.
We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification.
We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Except with respect to any public shares they may acquire in this offering or thereafter (in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination), our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever, including with respect to such indemnification.
These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
We believe that these provisions, the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
 
105
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Principal stockholders
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our Class A common stock included in the shares offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of shares in this offering, by:
➤
each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock;
➤
each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees; and
➤
all our executive officers and directors as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our common stock beneficially owned by them.
On January 8, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,031,250 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of  $25,000, or approximately $0.005 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of  $25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of this offering would be a maximum of 20,125,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after this offering. Up to 656,250 of the founder shares will be forfeited depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised. The post-offering percentages in the following table assume that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option, that our initial stockholders have forfeited 656,250 founder shares and that there are 22,460,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding after this offering.
Number of Shares
Beneficially Owned
Approximate Percentage of
Outstanding Common
Stock
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)
Before
Offering(2)(4)
After
Offering
Before
Offering
After
Offering
Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Sponsor, LLC(3)
5,031,250 4,901,500 100
%
21.8
%
David Schiff(3)
5,031,250 4,901,500 100
%
21.8
%
Andrew Hobson
— — — —
Claes Ekstrom
— — — —
Luis Diaz
— — — —
Geoffrey Duyk
— — — —
R. Erik Holmlin
All executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group (6 individuals)
5,031,250 4,901,500 100
%
21.8
%
*
Less than one percent.
(1)
Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 777 Third Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, New York 10017.
(2)
Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled “Description of Securities.”
(3)
David Schiff controls the managing member of our sponsor, and as such may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our sponsor by virtue of his control over our sponsor. Mr. Schiff disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares except to the extent of any pecuniary interest in such shares.
(4)
Includes up to 656,250 founder shares that will be forfeited depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised.
Immediately after this offering, our initial stockholders will beneficially own approximately 21.8% of the then issued and outstanding common stock (assuming they do not purchase any shares in this offering). Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome
 
106
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Principal stockholders
of all other matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination.
Our sponsor and our direct anchor investor have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of up to 585,000 private placement shares (or up to 637,500 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of  $10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of  $5,850,000 (or $6,375,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Our sponsor will purchase 526,500 shares (or 579,000 shares if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares is exercised in full) and our direct anchor investor will purchase 58,500 shares .
Our anchor investors have expressed to us an interest to purchase an aggregate of approximately 39% of the shares in this offering at the offering price and we have agreed to direct the underwriters to sell to the anchor investors such amount of shares. At the closing of our initial business combination, our direct anchor investor will be entitled to purchase from our sponsor approximately 374,000 of its founder shares, at a purchase price of approximately $0.005 per share. The purchase will be effected through a cancellation of such number of founder shares by our sponsor and the issuance of a corresponding number of shares to our direct anchor investor. Our direct anchor investor has agreed with us that, if it does not own a minimum number of shares of Class A common stock immediately prior to the consummation of our initial business combination or it redeems all or a portion of its public shares in connection with an initial business combination such that it does not own such minimum number of shares, it will forfeit to our sponsor, on a pro rata basis, a portion of the founder shares to which it is entitled. In addition, our direct anchor investor has agreed that, if our sponsor’s managing member deems it necessary in order to facilitate an initial business combination for our sponsor to forfeit, transfer, exchange or amend the terms of all or any portion of its founder shares or private placement shares or to enter into any other arrangements with respect to such securities, our direct anchor investor will be subject to the same changes on a pro rata basis. Nevertheless, our direct anchor investor will not be required to forfeit more than 50% of the founder shares to which it is entitled and 50% of its private placement shares. Our indirect anchor investors have made arrangements similar to these with our sponsor regarding their indirect holdings of our securities as members of our sponsor, and will have an indirect 22% aggregate ownership in our founder shares through our sponsor upon the closing of this offering.
Because these expressions of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our anchor investors may determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering or the underwriters may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares to our anchor investors. In the event that our anchor investors purchase such shares (either in this offering or after) and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, a smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination.
Our executive officers are deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.
TRANSFERS OF FOUNDER SHARES AND PRIVATE PLACEMENT SHARES
The founder shares, private placement shares and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreements entered into by our initial stockholders and management team. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of  (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property.
REGISTRATION RIGHTS
The holders of the (i) founder shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of this offering, (ii) private placement shares, which will be issued in a private placement simultaneously with
 
107
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Principal stockholders
the closing of the offering, will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The number of shares of Class A common stock includes (i) up to 5,031,250 shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon conversion of the founder shares, (ii) up to 637,500 shares of Class A common stock issued as part of the private placement shares. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
 
108
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Certain relationships and related party transactions
On January 8, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,031,250 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of  $25,000, or approximately $0.005 per share. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of this offering would be a maximum of 20,125,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after this offering. Up to 656,250 of the founder shares will be forfeited depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share capitalization or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding common stock upon the consummation of this offering.
Our sponsor and our direct anchor investor have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of up to 585,000 private placement shares (or up to 637,500 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of  $10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of  $5,850,000 (or $6,375,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Our sponsor will purchase 526,500 shares (or 579,000 shares if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares is exercised in full) and our direct anchor investor will purchase 58,500 shares.
Our anchor investors have expressed to us an interest to purchase an aggregate of approximately 39% of the shares in this offering at the offering price and we have agreed to direct the underwriters to sell to the anchor investors such amount of shares. There is no limit on the number of shares the anchor investors may purchase in this offering or in the open market after this offering. At the closing of our initial business combination, our direct anchor investor will be entitled to purchase from our sponsor approximately 374,000 of its founder shares, at a purchase price of approximately $0.005 per share. The purchase will be effected through a cancellation of such number of founder shares by our sponsor and the issuance of a corresponding number of shares to our direct anchor investor. Our direct anchor investor has agreed with us that, if it does not own a minimum number of shares of Class A common stock immediately prior to the consummation of our initial business combination or it redeems all or a portion of its public shares in connection with an initial business combination such that it does not own such minimum number of shares, it will forfeit to our sponsor, on a pro rata basis, a portion of the founder shares to which it is entitled. In addition, our direct anchor investor has agreed that, if our sponsor’s managing member deems it necessary in order to facilitate an initial business combination for our sponsor to forfeit, transfer, exchange or amend the terms of all or any portion of its founder shares or private placement shares or to enter into any other arrangements with respect to such securities, our direct anchor investor will be subject to the same changes on a pro rata basis. Nevertheless, our direct anchor investor will not be required to forfeit more than 50% of the founder shares to which it is entitled and 50% of its private placement shares. Our indirect anchor investors have made arrangements similar to these with our sponsor regarding their indirect holdings of our securities as members of our sponsor, and will have an indirect 22% aggregate ownership in our founder shares through our sponsor upon the closing of this offering.
Because these expressions of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our anchor investors may determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering or the underwriters may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares to our anchor investors. In the event that our anchor investors purchase all shares for which they have expressed an interest (either in this offering or after) and vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any additional public shares to be voted in favor of our initial business combination for our initial business combination to be approved, assuming that all of our outstanding shares are voted in connection with our initial business combination.
Our discussions with each anchor investor were separate and our arrangements with them are not contingent on each other. Further, to our knowledge, the anchor investors are not affiliated with each other and are not acting together with regards to our company.
We currently utilize office space at 777 Third Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, New York 10017 from our sponsor. Commencing on the date of this prospectus, we will pay our sponsor or an affiliate up to $10,000
 
109
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Certain relationships and related party transactions
per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
No compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates.
Prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor may loan us funds to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans would be non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of this offering. As of February 12, 2021, we had borrowed $0 under the promissory note.
Innovatus Capital may provide loans to certain of our officers and directors to purchase their interests in our sponsor.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of  $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The shares would be identical to the private placement shares issued to our sponsor and our direct anchor investor. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. Any of the foregoing payments to our sponsor, repayments of loans from our sponsor or repayments of working capital loans prior to our initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account.
After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement shares, which is described under the heading “Principal Stockholders—Registration Rights.”
POLICY FOR APPROVAL OF RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The audit committee of our Board of Directors will adopt a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of  “related party transactions.” A “related party transaction” is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of $120,000 or 1% of the average of the company’s total assets at year end for the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a “related party” had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. “Related parties” under this policy will include: (i) our directors, nominees for director or executive officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person
 
110
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Certain relationships and related party transactions
who maybe a “related person” pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm’s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party’s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its stockholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on a director’s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board’s committees. Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party.
 
111
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Description of securities
We are a Delaware corporation and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the DGCL. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which will be adopted prior to the consummation of this offering, we will be authorized to issue 110,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value each, including 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, as well as 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms of our capital stock as set out more particularly in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
COMMON STOCK
Prior to the date of this prospectus, there were 5,031,250 shares of Class B common stock outstanding, all of which were held of record by our initial stockholders, so that our initial stockholders will own 20% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming our initial stockholders do not purchase any shares in this offering). Up to 656,250 of the founder shares will be forfeited by our initial stockholders depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised. Upon the closing of this offering, 22,460,000 of our shares of common stock will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of 656,250 founder shares by our initial stockholders) including:
➤
17,500,000 shares of Class A common stock underlying shares issued as part of this offering;
➤
585,000 shares of Class A common stock underlying shares issued as part of the private placement; and
➤
4,375,000 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders.
If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share capitalization or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding common stock upon the consummation of this offering.
Stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor.
Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term.
In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written
 
112
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Description of securities
consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of our initial business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders’ inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and private placement shares they hold and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial
 
113
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Description of securities
business combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor’s founder shares and private placement shares, we would need only 6,328,501 or 36.2%, of the 17,500,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). In the event that our anchor investors purchase all shares for which they have expressed an interest (either in this offering or after) and vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any additional public shares to be voted in favor of our initial business combination for our initial business combination to be approved, assuming that all of our outstanding shares are voted in connection with our initial business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
Our discussions with each anchor investor were separate and our arrangements with them are not contingent on each other. Further, to our knowledge, the anchor investors are not affiliated with each other and are not acting together with regards to our company.
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial stockholders or management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period.
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.
FOUNDER SHARES
The founder shares are designated as Class B common stock and, except as described below, are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the shares being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder
 
114
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Description of securities
shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, and (iii) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination.
The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued to any seller in the initial business combination.
With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of  (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. Up to 656,250 founder shares will be forfeited by our initial stockholders depending on the exercise of the over-allotment option.
PREFERRED STOCK
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board of Directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board of Directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue shares of preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering.
DIVIDENDS
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial
 
115
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Description of securities
condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, then we will effect a stock dividend or share capitalization or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our founder shares immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
OUR TRANSFER AGENT
The transfer agent for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon.
AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65% of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (including the private placement shares but assuming they do not purchase any shares in this offering), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that:
➤
If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the requirements of other applicable law;
➤
Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions;
➤
Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;
 
116
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Description of securities
➤
If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. Whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above;
➤
We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;
➤
If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and
➤
We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriters’ commission.
CERTAIN ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS OF DELAWARE LAW AND OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS
We will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a “business combination” with:
➤
a stockholder who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an “interested stockholder”);
➤
an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or
➤
an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.
A “business combination” includes a merger or sale of more than 10% of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:
➤
our Board of Directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an “interested stockholder,” prior to the date of the transaction;
➤
after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or
➤
on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.
 
117
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Description of securities
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our Board of Directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings.
Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.
EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LAWSUITS
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our Board of Directors or by our Chief Executive Officer.
ADVANCE NOTICE REQUIREMENTS FOR STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS
Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.
 
118
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Description of securities
ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT
Subsequent to the consummation of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock.
CLASSIFIED BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Our Board of Directors will initially be divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the Board of Directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our Board of Directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office.
CLASS B COMMON STOCK CONSENT RIGHT
For so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted.
SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE
Immediately after this offering we will have 22,460,000 (or 25,793,750 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering (17,500,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and 20,125,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A common stock purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding founder shares (4,375,000 founder shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and 5,031,250 founder shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) and all of the outstanding private placement shares (up to 585,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and up to 637,500 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.
RULE 144
Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.
Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional
 
119
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Description of securities
restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:
➤
1% of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 224,600 shares immediately after this offering (or 257,937 if the underwriters exercise in full their over-allotment option); or
➤
the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
RESTRICTIONS ON THE USE OF RULE 144 BY SHELL COMPANIES OR FORMER SHELL COMPANIES
Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:
➤
the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
➤
the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
➤
the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and
➤
at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
As a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement shares, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.
REGISTRATION RIGHTS
The holders of the founder shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of this offering, will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement and assuming the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full, we will be obligated to register up to 5,668,750 shares of Class A common stock. The number of shares of Class A common stock includes (i) up to 5,031,250 shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon conversion of the founder shares and (ii) up to 637,500 shares of Class A common stock issued as the private placement shares. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
LISTING OF SECURITIES
We have applied to have our shares of Class A common stock listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “ILAC” commencing on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq.
 
120
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  U.S. Federal income tax considerations
The following is a discussion of material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of our shares of Class A common stock.
This discussion is limited to U.S. federal income tax considerations to you if you are a beneficial owner of our shares that is an initial purchaser of a share pursuant to this offering and you hold the share as a capital asset under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). This discussion assumes that any distributions made (or deemed made) by us on our Class A common stock and any consideration received (or deemed received) by you in consideration for the sale or other disposition of our common stock will be in U.S. dollars. This discussion is a summary only and does not consider all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be relevant to your ownership and disposition of a share in your particular circumstances, or if you are subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including:
➤
our sponsor, founder, officer, or director;
➤
a financial institution;
➤
a broker or dealer in securities or a trader electing mark-to-market tax accounting for your securities;
➤
a government or agency or instrumentality thereof;
➤
a regulated investment company;
➤
a real estate investment trust;
➤
an expatriate or former long-term resident of the United States.;
➤
an insurance company;
➤
a person holding the Class A common stock as part of a “straddle,” integrated transaction or similar transaction;
➤
a U.S. person whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; and
➤
a tax-exempt entity.
Moreover, the discussion below is based upon the provisions of the Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as of the date hereof, which may be repealed, revoked, modified or subjected to differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. Furthermore, this discussion does not address consequences to you if you are subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to the Class A common stock being taken into account in an applicable financial statement (as defined in Section 451(b) of the Code) or any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as gift, estate or Medicare contribution tax laws, or any state, local or non-U.S. tax laws.
We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the discussion herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion. You are urged to consult your tax adviser with respect to the application of U.S. federal tax laws to your particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction.
This discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships or other passthrough entities or persons who invest in our common stock through those entities. If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement classified as a partnership or other passthrough entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our common stock, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner or member in the partnership or other passthrough entity generally will depend on the status of the partner or member and the activities of the partnership or other passthrough entity. If you are a partner or member of a partnership or other passthrough entity holding our common stock, we urge you to consult your own tax adviser.
 
121
TABLE OF CONTENTS
U.S. Federal income tax considerations
THIS DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH THE OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK. YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISER WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OF THE OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY U.S. FEDERAL NON-INCOME, STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS.
PERSONAL HOLDING COMPANY STATUS
We could be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we were determined to be a “personal holding company,” or PHC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if  (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) directly or indirectly more than 50% of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents).
At least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income, depending on the date and size of our initial business combination. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, more than 50% of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not be a PHC following this offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20%, on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments.
U.S. HOLDERS
This section applies to you if you are a “U.S. holder.” A U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of our shares of Class A common stock that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
➤
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;
➤
a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
➤
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a United States court and which has one or more United States persons (within the meaning of the Code) who have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (B) that has in effect a valid election under applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person.
Taxation of Distributions.   If we pay distributions in cash or other property (other than certain distributions of our stock or rights to acquire our stock) with respect to shares of our Class A common stock, those distributions generally will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will constitute a return of capital that will be applied against and reduce (but not below zero) your adjusted tax basis in our Class A common stock. Any remaining excess will be treated as gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the Class A common stock and will be treated as described under “—Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock” below.
If you are a taxable corporation, dividends that we pay to you generally will qualify for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding period is satisfied. With certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations),
 
122
TABLE OF CONTENTS
U.S. Federal income tax considerations
and provided certain holding period requirements are met, if you are a non-corporate U.S. holder, dividends that we pay to you may constitute “qualified dividends” that will be subject to tax at the maximum tax rate accorded to long-term capital gains. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the Class A common stock described in this prospectus may prevent a U.S. holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements with respect to the dividends received deduction or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income, as the case may be. If the holding period requirements are not satisfied, then if you are a corporation you may not be able to qualify for the dividends received deduction and would have taxable income equal to the entire dividend amount, and if you are a non-corporate U.S. holder, you may be subject to tax on the dividend at regular ordinary income tax rates instead of the preferential rate that applies to qualified dividend income.
Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock.   Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our Class A common stock, which, in general, would include a redemption of Class A common stock that is treated as a sale of that stock as described below, and including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period, you generally will recognize capital gain or loss as described below. This capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if your holding period for the Class A common stock so disposed of exceeds one year. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the Class A common stock described in this prospectus may prevent a non-corporate U.S. holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements for long-term capital gain treatment, in which case any gain on a sale or taxable disposition of the shares would be subject to short-term capital gain treatment and would be taxed at regular ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. holders will be eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Generally, the amount of gain or loss recognized by you will equal the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in the disposition and (ii) your adjusted tax basis in your Class A common stock so disposed of. Your adjusted tax basis in your Class A common stock generally will equal your acquisition cost increased by prior amounts received in redemption of Class A Common Stock that are treated as dividends under Section 302 (as described below in “—Redemption of Class A Common Stock”) and decreased by any prior distributions treated as returns of capital.
Redemption of Class A Common Stock.   In the event that your Class A common stock is redeemed pursuant to the redemption provisions described in this prospectus under the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities—Common Stock” or if we purchase your Class A common stock in an open market transaction, the treatment of the transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on whether the redemption qualifies as a sale of the Class A common stock under Section 302 of the Code. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of common stock, you will be treated as described under “—Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock” above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of common stock, you will be treated as receiving a corporate distribution with the tax consequences described above under “—Taxation of Distributions.” Whether a redemption qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares of our stock treated as held by you relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after the redemption. The redemption of Class A common stock generally will be treated as a sale of the Class A common stock (rather than as a corporate distribution) if the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to you, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of your interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to you. These tests are explained more fully below.
In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, you take into account not only stock actually owned by you, but also shares of our stock that are constructively owned by you. You may constructively own, in addition to stock owned directly, stock owned by certain related individuals and entities in which you have an interest or that have an interest in you, as well as any stock you have a right to acquire by exercise of an option. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by you immediately following the redemption of Class A common stock must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by you immediately before the
 
123
TABLE OF CONTENTS
U.S. Federal income tax considerations
redemption. There will be a complete termination of your interest if either (i) all of the shares of our stock actually and constructively owned by you are redeemed or (ii) all of the shares of our stock actually owned by you are redeemed and you are eligible to waive, and effectively waives in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of stock owned by certain family members and you do not constructively own any other shares of our stock. The redemption of the Class A common stock will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if the redemption or purchase by us results in a “meaningful reduction” of your proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction of your proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority stockholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” You should consult your own tax adviser as to the tax consequences of a redemption.
If none of the foregoing tests is satisfied, then the redemption will be treated as a corporate distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “— Taxation of Distributions,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis in the redeemed Class A common stock will be added to your adjusted tax basis in your remaining stock, or, if you have none, possibly to your adjusted tax basis in other stock constructively owned by you.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding.   In general, information reporting requirements may apply to dividends paid to you and to the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of our shares of Class A common stock, unless you are an exempt recipient. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if you fail to provide a taxpayer identification number or a certification of exempt status or you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding (and that notification has not been withdrawn).
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
NON-U.S. HOLDERS
This section applies to you if you are a “Non-U.S. holder.” As used herein, you are a “Non-U.S. holder” if you are for U.S. federal income tax purposes a beneficial owner of our Class A common stock and:
➤
a non-resident alien individual (other than certain former citizens and residents of the U.S. subject to U.S. tax as expatriates);
➤
a foreign corporation; or
➤
an estate or trust that is not a U.S. holder as defined above.
You are not a non-U.S. holder if you are an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition. If you are such an individual, you should consult your tax adviser regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of our common stock.
Taxation of Distributions.   In general, any distributions we make to you on our Class A common stock, to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, provided they are not effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business within the United States, tax will be withheld from the gross amount of the dividend at a rate of 30%, unless you are eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable income tax treaty and provide proper certification of your eligibility for that reduced rate (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E). Any distribution not constituting a dividend will be treated first as reducing (but not below zero) your adjusted tax basis in your shares of our Class A common stock and, to the extent the distribution exceeds your adjusted tax basis, as gain realized from the sale or other disposition of the Class A common stock, which will be treated as described under “— Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock” below. In addition, if we determine that we are likely to be classified as a “U.S. real property holding corporation” (see “— Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock” below), we will endeavor to use reasonable efforts to determine if we must withhold 15% of any distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits.
 
124
TABLE OF CONTENTS
U.S. Federal income tax considerations
The 30% withholding does not apply to dividends paid to you that are effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by you in the United States), although you will generally be required to provide a properly executed IRS Form W-8ECI in order to claim an exemption from withholding. Instead, the effectively connected dividends will be subject to regular U.S. income tax as if you were a U.S. resident, subject to an applicable income tax treaty providing otherwise. A Non-U.S. corporation receiving effectively connected dividends may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” imposed at a rate of 30% (or a lower treaty rate).
Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock.   You generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax in respect of gain recognized on a sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of our Class A common stock, which would include a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, unless:
➤
the gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, under certain income tax treaties, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by you); or
➤
we are or have been a “U.S. real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of disposition or the period that you held our Class A common stock, and, in the case where shares of our Class A common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market, you have owned, actually or constructively, more than 5% of our Class A common stock at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the disposition or your holding period for the shares of our Class A common stock. There can be no assurance that our Class A common stock will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for this purpose.
Unless an applicable treaty provides otherwise, gain described in the first bullet point above will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates as if you were a U.S. resident. Any gains described in the first bullet point above if you are a foreign corporation may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate (or lower treaty rate).
If the second bullet point above applies to you, gain recognized on the sale, exchange or other disposition of our Class A common stock will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of our Class A common stock from you may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 15% of the amount realized upon the disposition. We cannot determine whether we will be a “U.S. real property holding corporation” in the future until we complete an initial business combination. We will be classified as a U.S. real property holding corporation if the fair market value of our “United States real property interests” equals or exceeds 50% of the sum of the fair market values of our worldwide real property interests and our other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Redemption of Class A Common Stock.   The characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of your Class A common stock pursuant to the redemption provisions described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities—Common Stock” generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of a redemption of a U.S. holder’s Class A common stock, as described under “U.S. Holders—Redemption of Class A Common Stock” above, and the consequences of the redemption to you will be as described above under “— Taxation of Distributions” or “— Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock,” as applicable.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding.   Information returns will be filed with the IRS in connection with payments of dividends, and information returns may be filed in connection with the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our shares of Class A common stock. You may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that you are not a United States person in order to avoid backup withholding and certain information reporting requirements. The certification procedures required to claim a reduced rate of withholding under a treaty will avoid backup withholding as well. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to you will be allowed as a credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle you to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
 
125
TABLE OF CONTENTS
U.S. Federal income tax considerations
FATCA WITHHOLDING TAXES
Provisions commonly referred to as “FATCA” impose withholding of 30% on payments of dividends on our Class A common stock to “foreign financial institutions” (which is broadly defined for this purpose and in general includes investment vehicles) and certain other non-U.S. entities unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (generally relating to ownership by U.S. persons of interests in or accounts with those entities) have been satisfied by, or an exemption applies to, the payee (typically certified as to by the delivery of a properly completed IRS Form W-8BEN-E). The IRS has issued proposed regulations (on which taxpayers may rely until final regulations are issued) that would generally not apply these withholding requirements to gross proceeds from sales or other disposition proceeds from shares of Class A common stock. Foreign financial institutions located in jurisdictions that have an intergovernmental agreement with the United States governing FATCA may be subject to different rules. Under certain circumstances, if you are a Non-U.S. holder, you may be eligible for refunds or credits of such withholding taxes, although you may be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return in order to claim such refunds or credits. You should consult your tax adviser regarding the effects of FATCA on your investment in our common stock.
 
126
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Underwriting
UBS Securities LLC is acting as book-running manager of the offering and as representative of the underwriters named below. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement dated the date of this prospectus, each underwriter named below has severally agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to that underwriter, the number of shares set forth opposite the underwriter’s name.
Underwriter
Number of
Shares
UBS Securities LLC
Total 17,500,000
The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the shares included in this offering are subject to approval of legal matters by counsel and to other conditions. The underwriters are obligated to purchase all of the shares (other than those covered by the over-allotment option described below) if they purchase any of the shares.
Shares sold by the underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the initial public offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. If all of the shares are not sold at the initial offering price, the underwriters may change the offering price and the other selling terms. The underwriters have advised us that the underwriters do not intend to make sales to discretionary accounts. The offering of the shares by the underwriters is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject to the underwriters’ right to reject any order in whole or in part.
If the underwriters sell more shares than the total number set forth in the table above, we have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to 2,625,000 additional shares at the public offering price less the underwriting discount. The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments, if any, in connection with this offering. To the extent the option is exercised, each underwriter must purchase a number of additional shares approximately proportionate to that underwriter’s initial purchase commitment. Any shares issued or sold under the option will be issued and sold on the same terms and conditions as the other shares that are the subject of this offering.
We, our sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed that, for a period of 180 days from the date of this prospectus, we and they will not, without the prior written consent of UBS Securities LLC offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Class A common stock or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, shares of Class A common stock; provided, however, that we may (1) issue and sell the private placement shares, (2) issue and sell the additional shares to cover our underwriters’ over-allotment option (if any), (3) register with the SEC pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, the resale of the founder shares and the private placement shares and (4) issue securities in connection with a Business Combination. UBS Securities LLC in its sole discretion may release any of the securities subject to these lock-up agreements at any time without notice.
Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances as described herein under “Principal Stockholders - Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares”. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the founder shares will be released from the lockup if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination.
 
127
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Underwriting
The private placement shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Stockholders - Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares”).
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our securities. Consequently, the initial public offering price for the shares was determined by negotiations between us and the representative.
The determination of our per share offering price was more arbitrary than would typically be the case if we were an operating company. Among the factors considered in determining initial public offering price were the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies, prior offerings of those companies, our management, our capital structure, and currently prevailing general conditions in equity securities markets, including current market valuations of publicly traded companies considered comparable to our company. We cannot assure you, however, that the price at which the shares of Class A common stock will sell in the public market after this offering will not be lower than the initial public offering price or that an active trading market in our shares of Class A common stock will develop and continue after this offering.
We have been approved to have our shares listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “ILAC” commencing on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq.
The following table shows the underwriting discounts and commissions that we are to pay to the underwriters in connection with this offering. These amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
Paid by Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.
No Exercise
Full Exercise
Per Share(1)
$ 0.55 $ 0.55
Total(1)
$ 9,625,000 $ 11,068,750
(1)
$0.20 per share, or $3,500,000 in the aggregate (or $4,025,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), is payable upon the closing of this offering. Includes $0.35 per share, or $6,125,000 in the aggregate (or $7,043,750 in the aggregate if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions will be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein. The deferred commissions to be released to the underwriters only on and concurrently with completion of an initial business combination.
If we do not complete our initial business combination within the time period required by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the underwriters have agreed that (i) they will forfeit any rights or claims to their deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, including any accrued interest thereon, then in the trust account, and (ii) that the deferred underwriters’ discounts and commissions will be distributed on a pro rata basis, together with any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, to the public stockholders.
In connection with the offering, the underwriters may purchase and sell shares in the open market. Purchases and sales in the open market may include short sales, purchases to cover short positions, which may include purchases pursuant to the over-allotment option, and stabilizing purchases, as described below:
➤
Short sales involve secondary market sales by the underwriters of a greater number of shares than they are required to purchase in the offering.
➤
“Covered” short sales are sales of shares in an amount up to the number of shares represented by the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
➤
“Naked” short sales are sales of shares in an amount in excess of the number of shares represented by the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
➤
Covering transactions involve purchases of shares either pursuant to the over-allotment option or in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions.
➤
To close a naked short position, the underwriters must purchase shares in the open market after the distribution has been completed. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters
 
128
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Underwriting
are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the shares in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in the offering.
➤
To close a covered short position, the underwriters must purchase shares in the open market after the distribution has been completed or must exercise the over-allotment option. In determining the source of shares to close the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of shares available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase shares through the over-allotment option.
➤
Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase shares so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum.
Purchases to cover short positions and stabilizing purchases, as well as other purchases by the underwriters for their own accounts, may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the shares. They may also cause the price of the shares to be higher than the price that would otherwise exist in the open market in the absence of these transactions. The underwriters may conduct these transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. If the underwriters commence any of these transactions, they may discontinue them at any time.
We estimate that the total expenses of this offering payable by us will be $1,000,000, excluding underwriting discounts and commissions. We have agreed to pay certain expenses of the underwriters, expenses for roadshows and background checks, not to exceed an aggregate of  $50,000.
We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make because of any of those liabilities. We have also agreed to pay the FINRA-related fees and expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel, not to exceed $25,000.
We are not under any contractual obligation to engage the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, but we may do so at our discretion. However, the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses, provide financial advisory services to us in connection with a business combination or assist us in raising additional capital in the future, including by acting as a placement agent in a private offering or underwriting or arranging debt financing. If the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay the underwriters fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to the underwriters prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless that such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering and we may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination. Any fees we may pay the underwriters or their affiliates for services rendered to us after this offering may be contingent on the completion of a business combination and may include non-cash compensation. The underwriters or their affiliates that provide these services to us may have a potential conflict of interest given that the underwriters are entitled to the deferred portion of their underwriting compensation for this offering only if an initial business combination is completed within the specified time frame.
Some of the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with us or our affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
 
129
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Underwriting
NOTICE TO CANADIAN RESIDENTS
Resale Restrictions
The distribution of shares in Canada is being made only in the provinces of Ontario, Quebec, Alberta and British Columbia on a private placement basis exempt from the requirement that we prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in each province where trades of these securities are made. Any resale of the shares in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws which may vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of the securities.
Representations of Canadian Purchasers
By purchasing shares in Canada and accepting delivery of a purchase confirmation, a purchaser is representing to us and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that:
➤
the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase the shares without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws as it is an “accredited investor” as defined under National Instrument 45-106—Prospectus Exemptions,
➤
the purchaser is a “permitted client” as defined in National Instrument 31-103—Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations,
➤
where required by law, the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent, and
➤
the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions.
Conflicts of Interest
Canadian purchasers are hereby notified that the underwriters are relying on the exemption set out in section 3A.3 or 3A.4, if applicable, of National Instrument 33-105—Underwriting Conflicts from having to provide certain conflict of interest disclosure in this document.
Statutory Rights of Action
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if the prospectus (including any amendment thereto) such as this document contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser of these securities in Canada should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Enforcement of Legal Rights
All of our directors and officers as well as the experts named herein may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon us or those persons. All or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those persons may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada.
Taxation and Eligibility for Investment
Canadian purchasers of shares should consult their own legal and tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the shares in their particular circumstances and about the eligibility of the shares for investment by the purchaser under relevant Canadian legislation.
NOTICE TO PERSONS IN THE ONSHORE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (UAE)
In accordance with the 2017 Promotion and Introduction Regulations (as amended) of the UAE Securities and Commodities Authority (SCA), our shares may only be promoted and offered in the UAE (excluding
 
130
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Underwriting
the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) and the Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM)) without the prior approval of SCA where the promotion is directed to: (i) the UAE federal government and local governments, governmental institutions and authorities; (ii) companies fully owned by any of the aforementioned; (iii) international bodies and organizations; (iv) entities licensed by the SCA or equivalent regulatory authority; (v) a corporate person who meets, at the date of its last financial statements, at least two of the following requirements: (1) total assets of AED (75) million; (2) net annual revenues of AED (150) million; and (3) has net owner equity or paid-up capital of AED (7) million; or (vi) following a ‘reverse’ (i.e. unsolicited) enquiry by an investor. Further, this document does not constitute a public offer of our shares in the UAE (excluding the DIFC and the ADGM) and is not intended to be a public offer. The SCA has not verified this document or other documents in connection with our shares and the SCA may not be held liable for the accuracy or completeness of the information in this document. Our shares may be illiquid or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective investors should conduct their own due diligence on our shares. If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorized financial advisor.
NOTICE TO PERSONS IN THE ABU DHABI GLOBAL MARKET (ADGM) IN THE UAE
This offer document is an ‘Exempt Offer’, in accordance with the ‘Market Rules’ of the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority. This ‘Exempt Offer’ document is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Market Rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with ‘Exempt Offers’. The ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority has not approved this ‘Exempt Offer’ document nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and has no responsibility for it. The securities to which this Exempt Offer relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this ‘Exempt Offer’ document you should consult an authorized financial advisor. For the purposes of the financial-promotion restriction in the Financial Services and Markets Regulation of the ADGM, this offer document constitutes an ‘Exempt Communication’ or is not otherwise subject to that restriction. Where applicable, it is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the relevant ‘Exempt Communication’. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person.
NOTICE TO PERSONS IN THE DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE (DIFC) IN THE UAE
This document relates to an ‘Exempt Offer’, in accordance with the Markets Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority. This document is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Market Rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on, by any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with ‘Exempt Offers’. The DFSA has not approved this document nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and has no responsibility for it. Our shares may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their re-sale. Prospective purchasers of our shares should conduct their own due diligence on them. If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorized financial adviser. For the purposes of the financial-promotion restriction in the Regulatory Law 2004 (as amended) of the DIFC, this offer document constitutes an ‘exempt Financial Promotion’ or is not otherwise subject to that restriction. Where applicable, it is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the relevant ‘Exempt Communication’. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person.
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a “Relevant Member State”) an offer to the public of our common shares may not be made in that Relevant Member State, except that an offer to the public in that Relevant Member State of our common shares may be made at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Directive:
(a)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive;
 
131
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Underwriting
(b)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Representative for any such offer; or
(c)
in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive, provided that no such offer of shares of our common stock shall result in a requirement for the publication by us or any underwriter of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to our common shares in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and our common shares to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase our common shares, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Member State, the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended), including by Directive 2010/73/EU, and includes any relevant implementing measure in the Relevant Member State.
This European Economic Area selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out below.
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN AUSTRALIA
No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), in relation to the offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”), and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act.
Any offer in Australia of the shares may only be made to persons (the “Exempt Investors”) who are “sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the shares without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.
The shares applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring shares must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions.
This prospectus contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters.
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN SWITZERLAND
The shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the shares or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the company, the shares have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of shares has not been and will not be
 
132
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Underwriting
authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of shares.
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM
This prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, persons in the United Kingdom that are qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive that are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as a “relevant person”). The shares are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such shares will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. This prospectus and its contents are confidential and should not be distributed, published or reproduced (in whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other persons in the United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN FRANCE
Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the shares described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or by the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and notified to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The shares have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the shares has been or will be:
➤
released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or
➤
used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the shares to the public in France.
Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only:
➤
to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article L.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier;
➤
to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or
➤
in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2-II-1°-or-2°-or 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public à l’épargne).
The shares may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier.
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN HONG KONG
The shares may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the shares may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to shares which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside
 
133
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Underwriting
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder.
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN JAPAN
The securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or for the benefit of any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person, except in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines promulgated by relevant Japanese governmental or regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan.
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN SINGAPORE
This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the shares may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the shares be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to compliance with conditions set forth in the SFA.
Where the shares are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor, shares, debentures and shares of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
➤
shares, debentures and shares of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
➤
to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and shares of shares and debentures of that corporation or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than $200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA;
➤
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or
➤
where the transfer is by operation of law.
 
134
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Legal matters
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, New York, New York, is acting as counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act, and as such, will pass upon the validity of the securities offered in this prospectus. Ropes & Gray LLP advised the underwriters in connection with the offering of the securities.
Experts
The balance sheet of Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. as of February 12, 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021 appearing in this prospectus have been audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.
Where you can find additional information
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.
Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
 
135
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Index to financial statements
Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-2
Financial Statements:
Balance Sheet as of February 12, 2021
F-3
Statement of Operations for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021
F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021
F-5
Statement of Cash Flows for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021
F-6
Notes to Financial Statements
F-7
 
F-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.
OPINION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Innovatus Life Science Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) as of February 12, 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of as of February 12, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
EXPLANATORY PARAGRAPH—GOING CONCERN
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company’s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon its completion of the proposed initial public offering described in Note 3 to the financial statements. The Company has a working capital deficiency as of February 12, 2021 and lacks financial resources it needs to sustain its operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might become necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
BASIS FOR OPINION
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ Marcum LLP
Marcum LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2021
Houston, Texas
March 5, 2021
 
F-2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Balance sheet
February 12, 2021
Current Assets
Cash
$ 25,000
Deferred offering costs
55,897
Total Assets
$ 80,897
Liabilities and Stockholder’s Equity
Accrued offering costs and expenses
$ 56,625
Total liabilities
56,625
Commitments and Contingencies
Stockholder’s Equity:
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
—
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
—
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 5,031,250 shares issued and outstanding(1)
503
Additional paid-in capital
24,497
Accumulated deficit
(728
)
Total Stockholder’s equity
24,272
Total Liabilities and Stockholder’s Equity
$ 80,897
(1)
This number includes up to 656,250 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5).
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Statement of operations
for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021
Formation cost
$ 728
Net loss
$ (728
)
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding(1)
4,375,000
Basic and diluted net loss per share
$ (0.00
)
(1)
This number excludes an aggregate of up to 656,250 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5).
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Statement of changes in stockholder’s equity
Class B
common stock
Additional
Paid-in
Capital
Accumulated
Deficit
Total
Stockholder’s
Equity
Shares(1)
Amount
Balance as of January 8, 2021 (inception)
— $ — $ — $ — $ —
Class B common stock issued to Sponsor
5,031,250 503 24,497 — 25,000
Net loss
— — — (728
)
(728
)
Balance as of February 12, 2021
5,031,250 $ 503 $ 24,497 $ (728
)
$ 24,272
(1)
This number includes up to 656,250 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5).
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Statement of cash flows
for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss
$ (728
)
Accrued offering costs and expenses
728
Net cash used in operating activities
—
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of Class B common stock to initial stockholders
25,000
Net cash provided by financing activities
25,000
Net change in cash
25,000
Cash, January 8, 2021 (inception)
—
Cash, end of the period
$ 25,000
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs
$ 55,897
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Notes to financial statements
Note 1—Organization, Business Operation and Going Concern Consideration
Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on January 8, 2021. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company has not selected any specific business combination target and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company.
As of February 12, 2021, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Proposed Public Offering (as defined below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.
The Company’s sponsor is Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”). The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed public offering of 17,500,000 shares of Class A common stock at $10.00 per share (the “Public Shares”) (or 20,125,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), which is discussed in Note 3 (the “Proposed Public Offering”), and the sale of 585,000 private placement shares (or 637,500 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the “Private Placement Shares”), at a price of  $10.00 per Private Placement Share, in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering (see Note 4). The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Shares, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Company’s signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully.
Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that an aggregate of  $10.00 per Public Share sold in the Proposed Public Offering will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. The proceeds may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, the proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of  (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Company’s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering (the “Combination Period”), subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of the Company’s Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its
 
F-7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Notes to financial statements (continued)
Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company’s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public stockholders.
The Company will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially approximately $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations).
The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors will enter into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of the Company’s Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame).
The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (1) $10.00 per public share; and (2) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by
 
F-8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Notes to financial statements (continued)
a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor’s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company’s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
Going Concern Consideration
As of February 12, 2021, the Company had $25,000 cash and a working capital deficit of  $31,625 (excluding deferred offering costs). The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address this uncertainty through a Proposed Public Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Note 2—Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Emerging Growth Company Status
The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
 
F-9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Notes to financial statements (continued)
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of February 12, 2021.
Deferred Offering Costs
Deferred offering costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Public Offering and that will be charged to stockholders’ equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering. Should the Proposed Public Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to be incurred, will be charged to operations.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term nature.
Net Loss Per Common Share
The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding common stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 656,250 shares of common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 5). At February 12, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period presented.
Income Taxes
The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.
ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties
 
F-10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Notes to financial statements (continued)
as of February 12, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
The Company has identified the United States as its only “major” tax jurisdiction.
The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company’s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.
The provision for income taxes was deemed to be immaterial for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through February 12, 2021.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.
Note 3—Proposed Public Offering
Pursuant to the Proposed Public Offering, the Company intends to offer for sale 17,500,000 shares of Class A common stock (the “Public Shares”), (or 20,125,000 Public Shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of  $10.00 per Public Share.
Note 4—Private Placement
The Sponsor and one or more funds managed by Millennium Management LLC (collectively, the “Direct Anchor Investor”) have agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 585,000 Private Placement Shares (or up to 637,500 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of  $10.00 per Private Placement Share, for an aggregate purchase price of  $5,850,000 (or $6,375,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. The Sponsor will purchase 526,500 Private Placement Shares (or 579,000 Private Placement Shares if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional Public Shares is exercised in full) and the Direct Anchor Investor will purchase 58,500 Private Placement Shares.
Note 5—Related Party Transactions
Founder Shares
On January 8, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,031,250 shares of Class B common stock in exchange for a capital contribution of  $25,000, or approximately $0.005 per share (the “Founder Shares”). Up to 656,250 Founder Shares will be subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised.
The initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination and (ii) the date on which the Company complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property, except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company’s initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares (the “Lock-up”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if  (1) the closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a
 
F-11
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Notes to financial statements (continued)
transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares will be released from the Lock-up.
Promissory Note—Related Party
On January 8, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Proposed Public Offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of  (i) September 30, 2021 or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial public offering of its securities. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering out of the $1,000,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions) not held in the Trust Account. As of February 12, 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the promissory note.
Related Party Loans
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Shares at a price of  $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares issued to the Sponsor and Direct Anchor Investor. The terms of Working Capital Loans by the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company’s officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of February 12, 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.
Administrative Service Fee
Commencing on the date the Company’s securities are first listed on Nasdaq, the Company will pay the Sponsor or an affiliate up to $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company’s management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company’s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.
Note 6—Commitments & Contingencies
Risks and Uncertainties
Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Registration Rights
The holders of the (i) Founder Shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, (ii) Private Placement Shares, which will be issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, will have registration rights to require the Company to register a sale of any of the Company’s securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights
 
F-12
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Notes to financial statements (continued)
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company’s completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Underwriting Agreement
The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 2,625,000 additional shares to cover over-allotments, if any.
The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of two percent (2%) of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $3,500,000 (or up to $4,025,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full). Additionally, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering upon the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination.
Note 7—Stockholder’s Equity
Preferred stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of  $0.0001 which shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Company’s board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. As of February 12, 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.
Class A common stock — The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of  $0.0001 per share. As of February 12, 2021, there were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding.
Class B common stock — The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of  $0.0001 per share. Holders are entitled to one vote for each share of Class B common stock. As of February 12, 2021, there were 5,031,250 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Of the 5,031,250 shares of Class B common stock, an aggregate of up to 656,250 shares are subject to forfeiture to the Company for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial stockholders will collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stocks after the Proposed Public Offering.
Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company’s stockholders, except as required by applicable law. Unless specified in the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company’s shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by its stockholders.
The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be
 
F-13
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Innovatus life sciences acquisition corp.
Notes to financial statements (continued)
issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.
Note 8—Subsequent Events
The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to March 5, 2021, the date that the financial statements were issued. Based on this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.
 
F-14
TABLE OF CONTENTS
$175,000,000
17,500,000 Shares of Class A Common Stock
INNOVATUS LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.
Preliminary Prospectus
Book-Running Manager
UBS Investment Bank
, 2021
Until                 , 2021 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our common stock, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  PART II
Information not required in prospectus
Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows:
SEC/FINRA expenses
$ 52,644
Accounting fees and expenses
45,000
Printing and engraving expenses
30,000
Travel and road show expenses
20,000
Legal fees and expenses
250,000
Nasdaq listing and filing fees
75,000
Director & Officers liability insurance premiums(1)
300,000
Miscellaneous
227,356
Total
$ 1,000,000
(1)
This amount represents the approximate amount of annual director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following the completion of its initial public offering and until it completes an initial business combination.
Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that all of our directors, officers, employees and agents shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”). Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below.
Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance.
(a)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful.
(b)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
 
II-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART II
Information not required in prospectus
best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
(c)
To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith.
(d)
Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders.
(e)
Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former officers and directors or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate.
(f)
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to such provision after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred.
(g)
A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section.
(h)
For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same
 
II-2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART II
Information not required in prospectus
position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
(i)
For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section.
(j)
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
(k)
The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any by law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
In accordance with Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, will provide that no director shall be personally liable to us or any of our stockholders for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the DGCL. The effect of this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is to eliminate our rights and those of our stockholders (through stockholders’ derivative suits on our behalf) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director, including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except, as restricted by Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL. However, this provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights of any stockholder to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director’s duty of care.
If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the liability of directors, then, in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation limiting or eliminating the liability of directors, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors on a retroactive basis.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that we will, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, indemnify our current and former officers and directors, as well as those persons who, while directors or officers of our corporation, are or were serving as directors, officers, employees or agents of another entity, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in connection with any threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether
 
II-3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART II
Information not required in prospectus
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by any such person in connection with any such proceeding.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person eligible for indemnification pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will be indemnified by us in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such proceeding was authorized by our Board of Directors, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification.
The right to indemnification which will be conferred by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is a contract right that includes the right to be paid by us the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding referenced above in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by our officer or director (solely in the capacity as an officer or director of our corporation) will be made only upon delivery to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such officer or director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or otherwise.
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which any person covered by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may have or hereafter acquire under law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also permit us, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other that those specifically covered by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Our bylaws, which we intend to adopt immediately prior to the closing of this offering, include the provisions relating to advancement of expenses and indemnification rights consistent with those which will be set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In addition, our bylaws provide for a right of indemnity to bring a suit in the event a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses is not paid in full by us within a specified period of time. Our bylaws also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect us and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of our corporation or another entity, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.
Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our bylaws affecting indemnification rights, whether by our Board of Directors, stockholders or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision.
We will enter into indemnification agreements with each of our officers and directors a form of which is to be filed as an exhibit to this Registration Statement. These agreements will require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.
Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement to be filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act.
 
II-4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART II
Information not required in prospectus
Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
On January 8, 2021, Innovatus Life Sciences Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor, purchased an aggregate of 5,031,250 of our Class B common stock, in exchange for a capital contribution of  $25,000 at an average purchase price of approximately $0.005 per share. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of this offering would be a maximum of 20,125,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20% of the shares issued in this offering. Up to 656,250 of these shares will be forfeited depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised.
Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. Each of the equity holders in our sponsor is an accredited investor under Rule 501 of Regulation D. The sole business of our sponsor is to act as the company’s sponsor in connection with this offering. The limited liability company agreement of our sponsor provides that its membership interests may only be transferred to our officers or directors or other persons affiliated with our sponsor, or in connection with estate planning transfers.
Our sponsor and one or more funds managed by Millennium Management LLC, or Millennium, will commit, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase from us an aggregate of up to 585,000 private placement shares (or up to 637,500 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). This purchase will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering. This issuance will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a) Exhibits. The following exhibits are being filed herewith:
 
II-5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Exhibit index
Exhibit No.
Description
1.1* Form of Underwriting Agreement.
3.1* Certificate of Incorporation.
3.2* Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
3.3* Bylaws.
4.1* Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate.
5.1* Opinion of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP.
10.1* Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant, the Sponsor and each of the executive officers and directors of the Registrant.
10.2* Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.
10.3* Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain security holders.
10.4* Form of Private Placement Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor.
10.5* Promissory Note, dated January 8, 2021, issued to the Sponsor.
10.6* Securities Subscription Agreement, dated January 8, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor.
10.7* Form of Administrative Services Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor.
10.8* Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and Millennium.
10.9* Form of Indemnity Agreement.
14* Form of Code of Ethics.
23.1* Consent of Marcum LLP.
23.2* Consent of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP (included on Exhibit 5.1).
24* Power of Attorney (included on signature page to the initial filing of this Registration Statement).
99.1* Form of Audit Committee Charter.
99.2* Form of Compensation Committee Charter.
99.3* Consent of Luis Diaz.
99.4* Consent of Geoffrey Duyk.
99.5* Consent of R. Erik Holmlin.
*
Filed herewith.
(b)
Financial Statements. See page F-1 for an index to the financial statements and schedules included in the registration statement.
Item 17. Undertakings.
(a)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
(b)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will,
 
II-6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Exhibit index
unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
(c)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
(1)
For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
(2)
For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
 
II-7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New York, on the 6th day of April, 2021.
INNOVATUS LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.
By:
/s/ David Schiff
Name: David Schiff
Title:   Chief Executive Officer
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David Schiff and Andrew Hobson his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments including post-effective amendments to this registration statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Name
Position
Date
/s/ David Schiff
David Schiff
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
(Principal Executive Officer)
A pril 6, 2021
/s/ Andrew Hobson
Andrew Hobson
Chief Financial Officer and Director
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
April 6, 2021
 
II-8