S-1 1 fs12021_northerngen3.htm REGISTRATION STATEMENT
As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2021.
Registration No. 333-              
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
_________________
FORM S-1
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
_________________
Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
_________________
Delaware
  6770
  86-1484719
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
  (Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)
  (I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
_________________
4801 Main Street
Suite 1000
Kansas City, MO 64112
(816) 514-0324
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
_________________
Jim Goettsch, Legal Counsel
4801 Main Street
Suite 1000
Kansas City, MO 64112
(816) 983-8000
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
_________________
Copies to:
James G. Goettsch, Esq.
Rebecca Taylor, Esq.
Husch Blackwell LLP
4801 Main Street, Suite 1000
Kansas City, Missouri 64112
Telephone: (816) 983-8000
  Jocelyn M. Arel, Esq.
Audrey S. Leigh, Esq.
Goodwin Procter LLP
620 Eighth Avenue
New York, New York 10018
Telephone: (212) 813-8800
_________________
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. £
If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. £
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. £
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. £
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
  Large accelerated filer
  £
  Accelerated filer
  £
Non-accelerated filer
  S
  Smaller reporting company
  S
        Emerging growth company
  S
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. £
  Table of Contents
CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
Title of each Class of Security being registered
  Amount
being
registered
  Proposed
Maximum
Offering
Price Per
Security(1)
  Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering
Price(1)
  Amount of
Registration
Fee
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-quarter of one Warrant(2)
  17,250,000 Units
  $
10.00
  $
172,500,000
  $
18,819.75
  Shares of common stock including as part of the Units(3)
  17,250,000 Shares
    —
    —
    —
(4)
Redeemable Warrants including as part of the Units(3)
  4,312,500 Warrants
    —
    —
    —
(4)
Total
            $
172,500,000
  $
18,819.75
  ____________
(1)      Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee.
(2)      Includes 2,250,000 Units, and 2,250,000 shares of common stock and 562,500 redeemable warrants underlying such Units, which may be issued on exercise of a 45-day option granted to the underwriters.
(3)      Pursuant to Rule 416, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from share splits, share capitalizations or similar transactions.
(4)      No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g).
The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
     Table of Contents
The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS (Subject to Completion)
    Dated February 17, 2021
    $150,000,000
Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III
15,000,000 Units
_______________________________
Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III is a newly organized blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination, with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as a target business. We have 24 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination. We have not identified any specific target business and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any target business regarding an initial business combination with our company. While we may pursue a target business in any industry, we intend to initially concentrate on target businesses making a positive contribution to sustainability through the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure.
This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one share of our common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus, and only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, and will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation, as described herein. We have also granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any.
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of our common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination for cash as further described herein.
Northern Genesis Sponsor III LLC, our sponsor, has committed that it will purchase an aggregate of 3,166,667 warrants (or 3,466,667 warrants if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($4,750,000 in the aggregate, or $5,200,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at $11.50 per share and is identical to the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering except as otherwise described in this prospectus.
In addition, we expect to enter into a forward purchase agreement with Northern Genesis Capital III LLC, an entity which is affiliated with our sponsor, pursuant to which we may elect to offer to the members of Northern Genesis Capital III LLC (“forward purchase investors”) the right to purchase up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of units (the “forward purchase units”), consisting of one share of our common stock (the “forward purchase shares”) and one-eighth of one warrant (the “forward purchase warrants”), for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share (such forward purchase shares or forward purchase units, as the case may be, the “forward purchase securities”), in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. Each whole forward purchase warrant would be exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. The forward purchase warrants would have the same terms as the public warrants and the forward purchase shares would be identical to the shares of our common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights. The forward purchase transaction is at our discretion and is subject to conditions, including one or more forward purchase investors confirming their commitment to purchase forward purchase securities and the amount thereof no later than fifteen days after we notify Northern Genesis Capital III LLC of a proposed business combination and of our intention to raise capital through the issuance of equity securities under the forward purchase agreement in connection with the closing of such business combination. Each forward purchase investor may grant or withhold its confirmation entirely within its sole discretion, and if a forward purchase investor does not confirm its commitment at such time, such forward purchase investor will not be obligated and will not have the right to purchase any of the forward purchase securities.
Currently, there is no public market for our units, common stock or warrants. We intend to apply to have our units listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, under the symbol “NGC.U.” We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on the NYSE. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the common stock and warrants will be listed on the NYSE under the symbols “NGC” and “NGC.WS,” respectively.
We are an “emerging growth company” and a “smaller reporting company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 29 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
  Price to Public
  Underwriting
Discounts and
Commissions(1)
  Proceeds, before
expenses, to us
Per Unit
  $
10.00
  $
0.55
  $
9.45
Total
  $
150,000,000
  $
8,250,000
  $
141,750,000
____________
(1)       Includes $0.35 per unit, or $5,250,000 (or up to $6,037,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in the aggregate payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein. The deferred commissions will be released to the underwriters only on completion of an initial business combination, as described in this prospectus. Does not include certain fees and expenses payable to the underwriters in connection with this offering. See also the section titled “Underwriting” for a description of compensation and other items of value payable to the underwriters.
Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, $150.0 million (or $172.5 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) ($10.00 per unit in either case) will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and $1.75 million will be available to pay fees and expenses in connection with this offering and for working capital following this offering.
The underwriters are offering the units for sale on a firm commitment basis. Delivery of the units will be made on or about , 2021.
Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
_______________________________
Joint Book-Running Managers
Morgan Stanley
Wells Fargo Securities
TD Securities
The date of this prospectus is             , 2021.
  Table of Contents
We have not authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus. We and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the units offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information contained in this prospectus is current only as of its date.
___________________
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  Page
SUMMARY
  1
RISK FACTORS
  29
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
  54
USE OF PROCEEDS
  55
DIVIDEND POLICY
  59
DILUTION
  60
CAPITALIZATION
  62
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
  63
PROPOSED BUSINESS
  69
MANAGEMENT
  96
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
  105
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  108
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
  110
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
  123
UNDERWRITING
  131
LEGAL MATTERS
  138
EXPERTS
  138
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
  138
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  F-1
TRADEMARKS
This prospectus contains references to trademarks and service marks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus may appear without the ® or ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies.
i
Table of Contents
SUMMARY
This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing.
Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus, references to:
•        “company”, “we”, “us”, “our company” or “Northern Genesis III” are to Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III;
•        “management” or our “management team” are to our officers and directors;
•        “sponsor” are to Northern Genesis Sponsor III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and our initial stockholder;
•        “forward purchase agreement” are to an agreement that we expect to enter into with Northern Genesis Capital III LLC, an entity which is affiliated with our sponsor, providing for the possible sale of forward purchase securities to one or more forward purchase investors in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination;
•        “forward purchase investor” are to any member of Northern Genesis Capital III LLC, an entity which is affiliated with our sponsor, or any affiliate of any such member, that in either case may elect to purchase any forward purchase securities that we may elect to offer under the forward purchase agreement;
•        “forward purchase securities” are to either the forward purchase units which we may issue and sell for $10.00 per unit, or the forward purchase shares which we may issue and sell for $9.75 per share, at our discretion and with the consent and confirmation of one or more forward purchase investors, pursuant to the forward purchase agreement;
•        “forward purchase shares” are to the shares of our common stock that may be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement;
•        “forward purchase units” are to the units, consisting of one share of our common stock and one-eighth of one warrant, that may be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement;
•        “forward purchase warrants” are to the warrants that may be sold as part of the forward purchase units pursuant to the forward purchase agreement;
•        “founder shares” are to the shares of our common stock issued prior to this offering;
•        “Northern Genesis” are to Northern Genesis Holdings Inc.;
•        “private placement warrants” are to the warrants issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering; and
•        “public shares” are to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market);
•        “public stockholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor’s and officers’ and directors’ status as “public stockholders” shall only exist with respect to such public shares;
•        “public warrants” are to our warrants sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market);
•        “warrants” are to the public warrants, the private placement warrants, and any working capital warrants;
•        “working capital warrants” are warrants issued in satisfaction of up to $3,000,000 of working capital loans, in the aggregate, at the price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender, and having terms identical to the private placement warrants.
Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.
1
Table of Contents
Our Founders and Focus
Northern Genesis Holdings Inc. is a company founded by Ian Robertson and Christopher Jarratt and is organized pursuit to a shared belief in the value creation thesis of identifying and investing in companies that are making a positive difference to the sustainability challenges facing society. We believe that our management team’s extensive industry reach and relationships with leading energy transition company founders and executives of private and public companies will give us a competitive advantage in pursuing a broad range of opportunities. The professional experience gained from building Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. from its founding to an NYSE listed $13 billion renewable energy and sustainable utility member of the TSX 60 equity index has equipped our founders well to provide direction and mentorship to sustainable business owners. Our management team believes that this rare perspective on business growth together with its ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives will remain central to its differentiated acquisition strategy.
Our founders believe that there is a growing societal sensitivity on the part of customers, investors and employees to the alignment that a business demonstrates with the principles underlying sustainability. Incorporating these principles into business strategies requires ongoing consideration of certain environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors that can both create opportunities and present potential risks. With sustainability thematically woven into their business plans and strategies, the business combination opportunities identified by our founders can create social and environmental value in addition to financial or economic value. Our management team believes there are significant, attractive opportunities to invest in businesses that demonstrate a commitment to this ‘triple bottom line’ orientation.
While a commitment to ESG covers a broad range of themes, our management team are specifically focused on evaluating suitable targets whose business practices demonstrate clear alignment with sustainability principles and whose organizational culture embraces the value of such alignment. We believe there are attractive investment opportunities that may benefit, both operationally and economically, from our management team’s commitment to and expertise in designing and incorporating ESG processes and practices. We believe that opportunities for improved business success based on strong ESG alignment exist across a broad range of industries and sectors. As demonstrated by our management team with Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. I’s announced business combination with The Lion Electric Company, we believe the experience of our management team will allow us to evaluate targets in industries such as energy transition to renewable sources, transportation and electric mobility (including charging infrastructure, batteries, railways and logistics), data and communication (including data centers, internet distribution and mobile infrastructure), agriculture (including product logistics, biofuels and storage) and community services (including waste, recycling, environmental and construction), among others. We believe that organizations operating in all of these sectors can generate attractive returns through strengthened ESG profiles and incorporating environmental sustainability into their business strategies. Companies in our target universe will be ones that would greatly benefit from access to both public market capital and our public market expertise.
Our Company
We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated in Delaware and formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination with one or more target businesses. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities and activities relating to this offering. We have not identified any specific target business and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any target business regarding an initial business combination with our company. We have generated no revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination at the earliest. Although we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry, we intend to focus on opportunities making a positive contribution to sustainability through the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure.
Our management team co-founded Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. (NYSE: NGA) (“Northern Genesis Acquisition I”), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in August 2020, in which it sold 31,945,344 units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock, for an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of approximately $320 million. Our management team also co-founded Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. II (NYSE: NGAB) (“Northern Genesis Acquisition II”), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in January 2021, in which it sold 41,400,000 units,
2
Table of Contents
each consisting of one share of common stock and one-third of one warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock, for an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of approximately $414 million. On November 30, 2020, Northern Genesis Acquisition I announced it had entered into a definitive agreement for its initial business combination with The Lion Electric Company, with the combined entity expected to be listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “LEV”. We believe that we will benefit from the valuable experience gained by our management team during the launch and operation of Northern Genesis Acquisition I, including the process of evaluating numerous target companies and industry sectors, selecting The Lion Electric Company as its business combination partner and negotiating the terms of the business combination agreement and all of the related transactions. The information contained in this prospectus shall not constitute solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of Northern Genesis Acquisition I. Past performance of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company.
We believe in the ability of our management team to add significant value to a target company from a commercial, operating, strategic and sustainability perspective. In particular, we will seek to identify and acquire a business that could benefit from a hands-on owner with extensive operational experience and the public company expertise our management team possesses, or that relies on the target’s executive and operational expertise but presents potential for an attractive risk-adjusted return profile following a business combination with us. Even fundamentally sound companies can often underperform their potential due to underinvestment, a temporary period of dislocation in the markets in which they operate, over-levered capital structures, excessive cost structures, incomplete management teams and/or a need to realign business strategies. In addition, these companies may have little or no experience operating in the public markets. Our management team has significant experience in identifying such opportunities and executing on strategies to surface value in a public market context.
Listed alphabetically, the following are the officers and directors of our company:
•        Paul Dalglish.    Mr. Dalglish is an experienced operations and information technology executive, specializing in the design and delivery of systems providing operational excellence. Mr. Dalglish brings experience in the delivery of technology-enabled transformations with international clients and has led large global operations employee and contractor teams. He has led business development and contract negotiation teams for large outsourcing contracts. Mr. Dalglish currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve on the Board of Directors of our company.
•        Michael Hoffman.    Mr. Hoffman is an active senior business professional. He is the founder of Stone Capital Partners, a private financing firm focused on energy infrastructure in North America and globally. Previously, he was a partner at Riverstone Holdings, a multi-billion private equity firm, where he was head of Riverstone’s Renewable Energy Funds and led the teams responsible for conventional power and energy investments. Mr. Hoffman currently serves as the President of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve as the President of our company.
•        Christopher Jarratt.    Mr. Jarratt is an active senior business professional having co-founded Algonquin Power Corporation (the predecessor to Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp.) in 1988 and serving as Executive Vice Chair for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. from October 2009 through November 2020 and director from October 2009 through October 2020. Mr. Jarratt brings more than 30 years of experience in the origination, development and operations of global infrastructure investment initiatives and is committed to the concept of best of class governance and sustainable investing. Mr. Jarratt currently serves as Chair of the Board of Directors for Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve as Chair of the Board of Directors of our company.
•        Ken Manget.    Mr. Manget previously served as Global Head, Relationship Investing at the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan where he ran teams in Hong Kong, London and Toronto, and was responsible for a diversified portfolio of pre-IPO, public and private equity investments. Mr. Manget currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and on the Board of Directors for Northern Genesis Acquisition I and will serve as the Chief Financial Officer of our company.
3
Table of Contents
•        Ian Robertson.    Mr. Robertson is an active senior business professional and currently leads InfraStar Investments, an infrastructure investment management company. Mr. Robertson co-founded Algonquin Power Corporation (the predecessor to Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp.) in 1988 and served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. from October 2009 through July 2020. During his leadership tenure, Algonquin has grown to become one of Canada’s largest power and utilities companies serving regulated electricity, natural gas and water utility customers in the United States and Canada and owning and operating a large portfolio of global renewable wind and solar powered generation capacity. He has more than 30 years of experience in the origination and execution of global infrastructure investment initiatives and is committed to the concept of sustainable investing. Mr. Robertson currently serves as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors and Secretary of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and as a director and Chief Executive Officer for Northern Genesis Acquisition II. Mr. Robertson will serve as Chief Executive Officer and will serve on the Board of Directors of our company.
•        Robert Schaefer.    Mr. Schaefer is an executive with a track record of repositioning and growing businesses through his experience leading business units, undertaking mergers and acquisitions and completing finance transactions in Bermuda, Canada, U.S. and Europe. Mr. Schaefer has been responsible for significant capital deployment in growth investments, negotiation of long-term contract restructuring and company sales and acquisitions. Mr. Schaefer currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve on the Board of Directors of our company.
•        Brad Sparkes.    Mr. Sparkes is an active senior business professional. He co-founded and served as President and Chief Executive Officer for BowArk Energy Ltd, a wind energy developer, since September 2003. Since its inception, BowArk has successfully developed a number of renewable energy projects across Canada. Mr. Sparkes currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve on the Board of Directors of our company.
We believe that potential sellers of target businesses will view the fact that our management team has successfully negotiated a business combination for a special purpose acquisition company as a positive factor in considering whether or not to enter into a business combination with us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, past performance of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical performance record of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II as indicative of our future performance.
Our Forward Purchase Agreement
We expect to enter into the forward purchase agreement pursuant to which, if we determine to raise capital by issuing equity securities in connection with the closing of our initial business combination, we may offer to the forward purchase investors the right to purchase up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of forward purchase units, consisting of forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants, for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. Whether we would issue forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share to the forward purchase investors would be determined at our election, and in our sole discretion, at the time of such offer.
Each whole forward purchase warrant would be exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. The forward purchase warrants would have the same terms as the public warrants and the forward purchase shares would be identical to the shares of our common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights. The funds from any sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, to pay expenses in connection with our initial business combination, and for the capital needs of the post-transaction company.
4
Table of Contents
The forward purchase transaction, if any, is not dependent upon or affected by the percentage of stockholders electing to redeem their public shares and may provide us with an increased minimum funding level for the initial business combination. The forward purchase transaction is at our discretion and would be subject to conditions, including one or more forward purchase investors confirming their commitment to purchase forward purchase securities and the amount thereof no later than fifteen days after we notify them of a proposed business combination and of our intention to raise capital through the issuance of equity securities under the forward purchase agreement in connection with the closing of such business combination. Each forward purchase investor may grant or withhold its confirmation entirely within its sole discretion, and if a forward purchase investor does not confirm its commitment at such time, it will not be obligated and will not have the right to purchase any of the forward purchase securities. Please see the risk factor entitled “In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial business combination, our management may consider the availability of funds from a sale of forward purchase securities, which may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination. If the forward purchase investors do not exercise their right to purchase all or some of the forward purchase securities that we may offer to them, we may decide not to consummate our initial business combination, or if we decide to, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination” for more information. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the forward purchase agreement, we will grant the forward purchase investors, collectively, the right to appoint two observers to our board of directors until the consummation of our initial business combination. Such observers will not have voting rights or otherwise have any of the powers of a member of our board of directors.
We believe our ability to complete an initial business combination will be enhanced by our entering into the forward purchase agreement.
Business Strategy
We believe our management team’s track record and execution experience, including its experience in sourcing the business combination with The Lion Electric Company for Northern Genesis Acquisition I, together with the extensive experience of our management team, make us well positioned to identify, source, negotiate and execute a business combination that meets our investment criteria and generates attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders.
We will seek to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that complements the experience of our management team and can benefit from their operating and deal making expertise. Our selection process is expected to leverage our management team’s network of relationships, deal sourcing capability and unique industry experiences to access a wide range of proprietary opportunities. The management team and directors have developed these capabilities during their respective career endeavours which have included, for Mr. Hoffman, pursuing a distinguished career in originating and completing successful renewable energy investments for recognized private equity firms, for Messrs. Robertson and Jarratt, building Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (NYSE, TSX: AQN) into a broad-based power and utility infrastructure company recognized as one of the most sustainable companies globally and for Mr. Manget, merger, capital markets and investing experience gained through his previous roles as an investment banker and pension fund manager. Our management team and directors have a history of sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses. They also share deep relationships with target companies and capital markets advisors, as well as extensive experience raising both debt and equity capital across business cycles. These experiences have provided them with a broad understanding of public market performance and investor expectations, enhancing their ability to provide mentorship as a target management team transitions from private to public markets.
Initial Business Combination
The NYSE rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on the NYSE, these rules will not be applicable to us.
5
Table of Contents
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the company in which our public stockholders own shares following the transaction will own or acquire 100% of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we expect to only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the NYSE’s 80% fair market value test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.
Our Acquisition Process
We currently do not have any specific business combination under consideration. Our officers and directors have neither individually selected nor considered a target business with respect to a possible business combination transaction with our company, nor have they had any substantive discussions among themselves or with our underwriters or other advisors regarding possible target businesses with respect to a possible business combination transaction with our company. We have not (nor have any of our agents or affiliates on our behalf) engaged in any substantive discussions with any candidates (or representative of any candidates) with respect to a possible business combination transaction with our company. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, taken any substantive measure, directly or indirectly, to select or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us, nor have we engaged or retained any agent or other representative to select or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital allocation experience.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Members of our management team will directly or indirectly own founder shares, private placement warrants, working capital warrants and/or forward purchase securities following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers or directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
Northern Genesis and our sponsor and directors and officers may sponsor, invest in or otherwise become involved with other companies, including blank check companies similar to ours, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event that there is overlap among investment mandates and management teams.
6
Table of Contents
Subject to their fiduciary duties under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), none of the members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and that otherwise would be reasonable for us to pursue.
Our directors and officers presently have, and any of them in the future may have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she then has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. In addition, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under the DGCL, he or she otherwise may choose to present such opportunities to such other entities before he or she presents such opportunities to us. Such other entities may include current or future entities affiliated with or managed by Northern Genesis or third parties.
Without limiting the foregoing, all of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to Northern Genesis and/or to certain companies in which it has invested or may invest, by reason of his or her position with such company. These entities, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. The current focus of each of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, and our company’s initial expected focus, is on target opportunities making a positive contribution to sustainability through the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure. If Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) or Northern Genesis Acquisition II decides to pursue any specific opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunity.
Pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement between Northern Genesis Acquisition I and The Lion Electric Company, the members of our management team will not present any new business combination opportunities to Northern Genesis Acquisition I. However, if Northern Genesis Acquisition I’s business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated, members of our management team will continue to have fiduciary duties and obligations to present to Northern Genesis Acquisition I potential business combination opportunities that are presented to them specifically in their capacity as an officer or director of Northern Genesis Acquisition I or which are determined by such director or officer to be suitable for Northern Genesis Acquisition I. Additionally, upon consummation of the business combination with The Lion Electric Company, it is anticipated that Mr. Robertson (our Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors) and Mr. Jarratt (a member of our board of directors and our Board Chair) will serve on the board of directors of The Lion Electric Company and will have fiduciary obligations to The Lion Electric Company.
Members of our management team performing similar roles for Northern Genesis Acquisition II also have and will continue to have contractual and fiduciary duties and obligations to Northern Genesis Acquisition II, including with respect to business combination opportunities. In particular, our directors and officers have fiduciary and contractual obligations to present to Northern Genesis Acquisition II potential business combination opportunities that are presented to them specifically in their capacity as an officer or director of Northern Genesis Acquisition II or which are determined, by such director or officer in his or her professional judgment, to be suitable for Northern Genesis Acquisition II. However, Northern Genesis Acquisition II has raised substantially greater funds than we expect to raise pursuant to this offering, and we have been advised that the board of directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition II has determined that a combination with a particular target generally will not be suitable to Northern Genesis Acquisition II if the cash needed for the acquisition and near-term expansion of the target’s business is less than the $414 million currently held in trust by Northern Genesis Acquisition II.
We do not believe that any potential conflicts of interest will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. We believe any conflicts of interest with Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) and Northern Genesis Acquisition II will be significantly mitigated by the
7
Table of Contents
fact that we expect to raise a substantially lower amount of capital than either of such entities and, as a result, we expect to be able to more efficiently compete for and effectuate a business combination in which the cash needed for the acquisition and near-term expansion of the target’s business is less than the cash currently held in trust by Northern Genesis Acquisition I (approximately $319 million) and by Northern Genesis Acquisition II (approximately $414 million).
In addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and are engaged in other business activities, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying and evaluating potential business combinations for us or other entities. In addition to obligations to various other third parties, our directors and officers currently have time and attention duties in relation to Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, and in the future may have time and attention duties in relation to other entities that at such time are affiliated with or managed by Northern Genesis.
To the extent any conflict of interest arises between our company, on the one hand, and other entities affiliated with Northern Genesis, our sponsor, or any of our officers or directors, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, such conflicts of interest will be resolved by Northern Genesis, our sponsor, or such officers or directors in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing fiduciary, contractual or other duties, and there can be no assurance that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor. See “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Risk Factors — Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.”
Acquisition Criteria
We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses for a business combination:
•        Ability to align with our sustainability principles and support reduction of carbon intensity;
•        Defined barriers to entry or sustainable competitive advantages;
•        Predictable revenue and free cash flow to support reinvestment growth;
•        Little material technology, scale-up or market risk and success not premised on future capital raises to achieve growth plans;
•        Opportunity to benefit from our management team’s network and expertise to drive improved financial performance; and
•        Ability to benefit from access to the public capital markets.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, these criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Further, we may elect to pursue a business combination with a target business that may not meet any of the foregoing criteria and guidelines. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC.
8
Table of Contents
Corporate Information
Our executive offices are located at 4801 Main Street, Suite 1000, Kansas City, MO 64112, and our telephone number is (816) 514-0324. In connection with this offering, we will establish an Internet website at www.NorthernGenesis.com. Information contained on, or connected to, our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus and should not be considered part of this document or any report that we file with or furnish to the SEC.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the end of that year’s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $250 million as of the end of that year’s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equalled or exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million as of the end of that year’s second fiscal quarter.
Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
9
Table of Contents
THE OFFERING
In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.”
Securities offered
  15,000,000 units (or 17,250,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of:
    •   one share of common stock; and
    •   one-quarter of one redeemable warrant
Proposed NYSE symbols
  Units: “NGC.U”
    Common Stock: “NGC”
    Warrants: “NGC.WS”
Trading commencement and separation of common stock and warrants
 
The units are expected to begin trading promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless the representatives of the underwriters in this offering, inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of common stock and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination.
Separate trading of the common stock and warrants is prohibited until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K
 


In no event will the common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly, and no later than four business days, after the closing of this offering. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
10
Table of Contents
Units:
    Number outstanding before this
offering
 
0
Number outstanding after this
offering
 
15,000,000(2)
Common stock:
    Number outstanding before this
offering
 
4,312,500(1)
Number outstanding after this
offering
 
18,750,000(2)(3)
Warrants:
    Number of private placement warrants to be sold in a private placement simultaneously with this offering
 

3,166,667(2)
Number of warrants to be outstanding after this offering and the private placement
 

6,916,667(2)(4)
Exercisability
  Each whole warrant sold in this offering is exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock, subject to adjustment as described herein. Only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade.
We structured each unit to contain one-fourth of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant exercisable for one share of our common stock, as compared to units issued by some other similar blank check companies which contain whole warrants exercisable for one whole share, in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination as compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share of common stock, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses.
Exercise price
  $11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as described herein.
    In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (such price, the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding
____________
(1)      Includes 562,500 founder shares subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised.
(2)      Assumes the underwriters’ over-allotment option has not been exercised.
(3)      Does not include up to 562,500 founder shares that are currently outstanding and subject to forfeiture if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised.
(4)      Includes 3,750,000 public warrants included in the units sold in this offering and 3,166,667 private placement warrants to be sold in the private placement concurrent with this offering.
11
Table of Contents
  of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below under “Redemption of warrants” will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
Exercise period
  The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement).
    We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of common stock underlying the warrants, to have such registration statement declared effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed; provided, that if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement.
    The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account.
Redemption of warrants
  Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants and working capital warrants):
    •   in whole and not in part;
    •   at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
    •   upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and
    •   if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of common stock and equity-linked securities as described above) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
12
Table of Contents
  We will not redeem the warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
    If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value.
The “fair market value” for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants.
No fractional shares of common stock will be issued upon redemption of any warrants. If, upon redemption, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the holder.
Please see the section entitled “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants” for additional information.
    None of the private placement warrants or working capital warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.
Founder shares
  In January 2021, our sponsor paid $25,000 to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 4,312,500 founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The resulting number of founder shares was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock after this offering. As such, our sponsor will collectively own 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock after this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital, as applicable, with respect to our common stock immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our sponsor at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Up to 562,500 founder shares will be subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised so that our sponsor will maintain ownership of 20% of our common stock after this offering. None of our sponsor, officers or directors has indicated any intention to purchase any units in this offering.
13
Table of Contents
  The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except that:
    •   the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;
    •   the holders of such shares have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and (iii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame; and
    •   the holders have agreed to vote any founder shares in favor of our initial business combination.
Transfer restrictions of founder shares
  Except as described herein under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants,” the holders of the founder shares will not be able to transfer title to any founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; or (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up.
Private placement warrants
  Our sponsor has agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that it will purchase an aggregate of 3,166,667 private placement warrants (or 3,466,667 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.50 per whole warrant ($4,750,000 in the aggregate (or $5,200,000 in the aggregate if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one whole share of our common stock at $11.50 per share.
14
Table of Contents
  A portion of the purchase price of the private placement warrants will be added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the trust account such that at the time of closing $150.0 million (or $172.5 million if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) will be held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement warrants will expire worthless.
Working capital warrants
  In order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest basis. Up to $3,000,000 of such loans may be converted into working capital warrants, at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender.
Terms of private placement warrants and working capital warrants
 
The private placement warrants and working capital warrants will be identical to the public warrants except that they will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants or working capital warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, such warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants.
Transfer restrictions on private placement warrants and working capital warrants
 

Title to the private placement warrants and working capital warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants or working capital warrants) cannot be transferred until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants”.
Cashless exercise of private placement warrants and working capital
warrants
 

If holders of private placement warrants or working capital warrants elect to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering such warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying such warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the such warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent.
The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time.
15
Table of Contents
  Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could sell the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market, the insiders could be significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.
Proceeds to be held in trust account
  The rules of the NYSE provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and from the sale of the private placement warrants be deposited in a trust account. Of the net proceeds we will receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, $150.0 million ($10.00 per unit), or $172.5 million ($10.00 per unit) if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be deposited into a segregated trust account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee and $1.75 million will be used to pay expenses in connection with this offering and for working capital following this offering. The proceeds to be placed in the trust account will include $5,250,000 (or up to $6,037,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions.
    Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations (and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), if any, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of:
    (i) our completion of an initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination; and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders.
Forward Purchase Agreement
  We expect to enter into a forward purchase agreement pursuant to which, if we determine to raise capital by issuing equity securities in connection with the closing of our initial business combination, we may offer to the forward purchase investors the right to purchase up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. Whether we would issue forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share to the forward purchase investors would be determined at our election, and in our sole discretion, at the time of such offer.
16
Table of Contents
  A forward purchase investor’s commitment to purchase forward purchase securities would be conditioned on, among other things, such forward purchase investor confirming its commitment to purchase forward purchase securities and the amount thereof no later than fifteen days after we notify it of a proposed business combination and of our intention to raise capital through the issuance of equity securities under the forward purchase agreement in connection with the closing of such business combination, and on a requirement that such initial business combination is approved by a majority of our board and a majority of the independent directors of our board.
The forward purchase warrants would have the same terms as the public warrants and the forward purchase shares would be identical to the shares of our common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights.
The forward purchase agreement is intended to provide us with a framework to facilitate a minimum funding level for our initial business combination. The proceeds from any sale of the forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, to pay expenses in connection with our initial business combination, and for capital needs of the post-transaction company. Following confirmation by one or more forward purchase investors in advance of our entry into an initial business combination agreement, and subject to the other conditions in the forward purchase agreement, the purchase of the forward purchase securities would be a binding obligation of such forward purchase investors, regardless of whether any shares of our common stock are redeemed by our public stockholders in connection with such business combination.
Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the forward purchase agreement, we will grant the forward purchase investors, collectively, the right to appoint two observers to our board of directors until the consummation of our initial business combination. Such observers will not have voting rights or otherwise have any of the powers of a member of our board of directors.
Anticipated expenses and funding sources
 
Except as described above with respect to the payment of tax obligations, unless and until we complete our initial business combination, no proceeds held in the trust account will be available for our use. Based upon current interest rates, we expect the trust account to generate approximately $150,000 of interest annually (assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year). Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, we may pay our expenses only from:
    •   the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not held in the trust account, which will be approximately $1.0 million in working capital after the payment of approximately $0.75 million in expenses relating to this offering; and
    •   any loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates or other third parties, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us, and provided that any such loans will not have any claim on the proceeds held in the trust account unless such proceeds are released to us upon completion of a business combination.
17
Table of Contents
Conditions to completing our initial business combination
 
The NYSE rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on the NYSE, these rules will not be applicable to us.
    If our board of directors is not able to determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions. We expect to complete our initial business combination only if the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the NYSE’s 80% fair market value test, provided that in the event that our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.
While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, our board may be unable to do so if our board is less familiar or experienced with the target company’s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company’s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80% of net assets test, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our stockholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to stockholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion.
Permitted purchases of public shares and public warrants by our affiliates
 
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the
18
Table of Contents
  seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Subsequent to the consummation of this offering, we intend to adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing securities during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information; and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants as described above.
    We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will not make any purchases if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote the acquired public shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our public shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination
 

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the founder shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering.
19
Table of Contents
Manner of conducting redemptions
  We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either: (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination; or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking stockholder approval under SEC rules). For instance, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would typically require stockholder approval.
    If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
    •   conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and
    •   file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
    Upon the public announcement of our business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
    In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, we will only proceed with the tender offer if our net tangible assets will be at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
    If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will:
    •   conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
    •   file proxy materials with the SEC.
20
Table of Contents
  If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the business combination (or such greater number as may be required by applicable law or the rules of any applicable national securities exchange) are voted in favor of the business combination. Our sponsor has agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, if all of our shares are voted, in addition to the founder shares, we would need 5,625,001, or approximately 37.5%, of the 15,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised).
    Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all.
We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to tender or electronically deliver their shares to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. If the proposed business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates delivered, or shares tendered electronically, by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares.
    While our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
21
Table of Contents
Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding 15% or more of the shares issued in this offering if we hold stockholder vote
 


Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares issued in this offering, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “Excess Shares.” We believe the restriction described above will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares issued in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum amount of cash.
    However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those stockholders that hold more than 15% of the shares issued in this offering) for or against our initial business combination.
Redemption rights in connection with proposed amendments to our certificate of incorporation
 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that it may be amended if approved by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our sponsor, who will beneficially own 20% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they may choose.
    However, our public stockholders will have the right to have their public shares redeemed with funds from the trust account upon the approval of certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including any such amendment that modifies (i) any rights of public stockholders with respect to redemption of our public shares (whether in connection with a business combination, a failure to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described in this paragraph), or (ii) any other provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such redemption is at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the founder shares and any public shares in connection with any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
22
Table of Contents
Release of funds in trust account on closing of our initial business combination
 

On the completion of our initial business combination, all amounts held in the trust account will be released. We will use these funds to pay amounts due to any public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights as described above under “Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination,” to pay the underwriters their deferred underwriting commissions, to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. If the purchase price for our initial business combination is paid in equity or debt securities or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the purchase price, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
Redemption of public shares and distribution and liquidation if no initial business combination
 

We will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if they acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time frame. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
23
Table of Contents
Audit Committee
  We will establish and maintain an audit committee, which will be composed entirely of independent directors. Among its responsibilities, the audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or their affiliates and monitor compliance with the other terms relating to this offering. If any noncompliance is identified, then the audit committee will be charged with the responsibility to promptly take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise to cause compliance with the terms of this offering. For more information, see the section entitled “Management — Committees of the Board of Directors — Audit Committee.”
Conflicts of Interest
  Northern Genesis and our sponsor and directors and officers may sponsor, invest in or otherwise become involved with other companies, including blank check companies similar to ours, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event that there is overlap among investment mandates and management team.
Subject to their fiduciary duties under the DGCL, none of the members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and that otherwise would be reasonable for us to pursue.
Our directors and officers presently have, and any of them in the future may have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. In addition, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under the DGCL, he or she otherwise may choose to present such opportunities to such other entities before he or she presents such opportunities to us. Such other entities may include current or future entities affiliated with or managed by Northern Genesis or third parties.
Without limiting the foregoing, all of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to Northern Genesis and/or to certain companies in which it has invested or may invest, by reason of his or her position with such company. These entities, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. Like our initial expected focus, the current focus of each of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II is on target opportunities making a positive contribution to sustainability through the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure. If Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) or Northern Genesis Acquisition II decides to pursue any specific opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunity.
24
Table of Contents
  Pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement between Northern Genesis Acquisition I and The Lion Electric Company, the members of our management team will not present any new business combination opportunities to Northern Genesis Acquisition I. However, if Northern Genesis Acquisition I’s business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated, members of our management team will continue to have fiduciary duties and obligations to present to Northern Genesis Acquisition I potential business combination opportunities that are presented to them specifically in their capacity as an officer or director of Northern Genesis Acquisition I or which are determined by such director or officer to be suitable for Northern Genesis Acquisition I. Additionally, upon consummation of the business combination with The Lion Electric Company, it is anticipated that Mr. Robertson (our Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors) and Mr. Jarratt (a member of our board of directors and our Board Chair) will serve on the board of directors of The Lion Electric Company and will have fiduciary obligations to The Lion Electric Company.
Members of our management team performing similar roles for Northern Genesis Acquisition II also have and will continue to have contractual and fiduciary duties and obligations to Northern Genesis Acquisition II, including obligations to present to Northern Genesis Acquisition II potential business combination opportunities that are presented to them specifically in their capacity as an officer or director of Northern Genesis Acquisition II or which are determined, by such director or officer in his or her professional judgment, to be suitable for Northern Genesis Acquisition II. However, Northern Genesis Acquisition II has raised substantially greater funds than we expect to raise pursuant to this offering, and we have been advised that the board of directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition II has determined that a combination with a particular target generally will not be suitable to Northern Genesis Acquisition II if the cash needed for the acquisition and near-term expansion of the target’s business is less than the $414 million currently held in trust by Northern Genesis Acquisition II.
We do not believe that any potential conflicts of interest will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. We believe any conflicts of interest with Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its existing business combination agreement is terminated) and Northern Genesis Acquisition II will be significantly mitigated by the fact that we expect to raise a substantially lower amount of capital than either of such entities and, as a result, we expect to be able to more efficiently compete for and effectuate a business combination in which the cash needed for the acquisition and near-term expansion of the target’s business is less than the cash currently held in trust by Northern Genesis Acquisition I (approximately $319 million) and by Northern Genesis Acquisition II (approximately $414 million).
    In addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying and evaluating potential business combinations.
See “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Risk Factors — Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.”
25
Table of Contents
Indemnification
  Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a definitive agreement for a business combination, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account (even if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor, which is a newly formed entity, has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
Risks
We are a newly formed blank check company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. This offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.” In particular, our risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
Risks Regarding Our Business Strategy
•        We are a newly formed blank check company with no operating history and no revenues; our ability to source and complete an initial business combination is entirely dependent upon the efforts of our management team, and past performance of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company.
•        If, due to our lack of revenues, other resource constraints, competition, or any other factors we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months following the closing of this offering, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share, and perhaps less, on the redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.
•        The right of our public stockholders to cause their public shares to be redeemed upon a business combination, the significant number of warrants that we will issue, and the uncertainties regarding the extent and amount of any redemptions of our common stock and exercise of our warrants may make us a less attractive combination candidate than strategic or other competitors, increasing the risk that we fail to timely complete an initial business combination, or do so on less favorable terms.
Business Combination Risks
•        Because we are not limited to evaluating target businesses in a particular industry and have not identified any specific target businesses with which to pursue for our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations prior to an investment
26
Table of Contents
in our securities. We may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet our criteria and guidelines, that is in a sector or geography that is outside of our management team’s expertise, or that is financially unstable, exposing your investment to unexpected and potentially concentrated risks.
•        Our due diligence regarding any particular target may not uncover all material risks, or identified risks may evolve in unforeseen ways, and our assessment of how management or key personnel of a target may perform in a higher growth mode or as a public company may be inaccurate.
•        We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for, or relative valuations reflected by, a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
•        Due to transaction structure or other reasons, our stockholders may represent a minority of a combined business, and our management team may not control or have significant influence over management of the target business following our initial business combination.
Risks Related to Our Securities and Redemption
•        There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop. In addition, The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
•        The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry, and you therefore may have less assurance that the offering price of our units properly reflects their value.
•        You will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our common stock as a result of the issuance of our founder shares to the sponsor, and you may experience future dilution as a result of private placements or other financing to complete our initial business combination as well as the exercise of any of the significant number of warrants for our common stock. In addition, we may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or thereafter.
•        We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.
•        We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you. In addition, our ability to require exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash.
•        You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account established with proceeds of this offering, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our common stock.
•        If third parties bring claims against us, including but not limited to claims in bankruptcy, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share. In addition, in certain circumstances a bankruptcy trustee or third parties could seek to recover redemption payments from stockholders who received such payments.
27
Table of Contents
Conflict of Interest Risks
•        Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
•        We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
•        The sponsor and our officers and directors have or may have interests in us and our securities that differ from or are in addition to those of our stockholders generally, including as a result of direct or indirect interests in the founders shares, private placement warrants, working capital warrants, and forward purchase securities, loans to us, and waivers of rights to receive funds from the trust account.
•        Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
Summary Financial Data
The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented.
  As of
January 13,
2021
Balance Sheet Data:
        Working capital deficit
  $
(6,000
)
Total assets
  $
30,000
  Total liabilities
  $
6,000
  Stockholder’s equity
  $
24,000
  If no business combination is completed within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into letter agreements with us pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such 24-month time period.
28
Table of Contents
RISK FACTORS
An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units, common stock, or warrants. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Regarding Our Business Strategy
We are a newly formed blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
We are a newly formed blank check company with no operating results and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering and consummating our initial business combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination with our company and may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.”
As of January 13, 2021, we had no cash, deferred offering costs of $30,000 and a working capital deficit of $6,000. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern.
Past performance of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company.
Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical performance record of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II as indicative of our future performance or of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward.
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
Since the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful completion of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover,
29
Table of Contents
if this offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of our initial business combination.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors.
In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first full fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they would have to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.
We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.
Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.
Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
Our ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of
30
Table of Contents
these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and forward purchase securities, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share, or possibly less than $10.00 per share, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately $1,000,000 will be held outside the trust account and available to us prior to an initial business combination to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $750,000, we may fund such excess only with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate.
Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or possibly less than $10.00 per share, on our redemption of our public shares and our warrants will expire worthless.
The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential target businesses, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.
We may seek to enter into a definitive agreement with a prospective target business that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or will result in us not being able to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a definitive agreement with us.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination
31
Table of Contents
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to have your stock redeemed.
If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would not be consummated is increased. If our initial business combination is not consummated, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market.
The requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete such a business combination.
NYSE rules and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete a business combination with. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, which may be less than $10.00 per share.
The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.
Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above.
We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. As a result, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
We must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period and have not increased the time available to us by amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we will: (i) cease all
32
Table of Contents
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares.
The grant of registration rights may make it more difficult to negotiate the terms of our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our sponsor, the purchasers of the private placement warrants, the forward purchase investors and the permitted transferees of any of the foregoing can demand that we register their founder shares, private placement warrants, working capital warrants, forward purchase securities, and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, working capital warrants or forward purchase warrants.
We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make negotiating the terms of our initial business combination more difficult. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of the securities of the combined company that may occur when our founder shares, private placement warrants, working capital warrants, forward purchase securities and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, working capital warrants or forward purchase warrants are registered.
Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financing reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may
33
Table of Contents
limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, or that of a third party with which we do business. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss, lawsuits, investigations, fines and penalties, whether directly or through claims made against us by third parties.
Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.
The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.
Business Combination Risks
Because we are not limited to evaluating target businesses in a particular industry and have not identified any specific target businesses with which to pursue for our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations prior to an investment in our securities.
Although we expect to focus our search for a target business involved in the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure, we may seek to complete a business combination with a target business in any industry or sector. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination with our company, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. We cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares.
34
Table of Contents
We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors outside of our management’s area of expertise and our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all significant risks associated with the target company.
We may consider a business combination outside of our management’s area of expertise if a target business is presented to us and we determine that such target offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management’s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares.
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines.
We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and this, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
When evaluating the desirability of affecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares.
We may seek acquisition opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel.
To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.
35
Table of Contents
If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.
If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:
•        higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets;
•        rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;
•        complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
•        laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;
•        tariffs and trade barriers;
•        regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
•        longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
•        tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
•        currency fluctuations and exchange controls;
•        rates of inflation;
•        cultural and language differences;
•        employment regulations;
•        crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars;
•        deterioration of political relations with the United States; and
•        government appropriations of assets.
We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.
If our business combination is with only one target business, we would be solely dependent on this single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
We may effectuate our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis.
36
Table of Contents
By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
•        solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or
•        dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination.
If we attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, it may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we may need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.
We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless such business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion. If we decide to allow stockholders to their shares to us in a tender offer, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information.
In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial business combination, our management may consider the availability of funds from a sale of the forward purchase securities, which may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination. If the forward purchase investors decide not to exercise their right to purchase all or some of the forward purchase securities that we may offer to them, we may decide not to consummate our initial business combination, or if we decide to, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination.
We expect to enter into the forward purchase agreement pursuant to which, if we determine to raise capital by issuing equity securities in connection with the closing of our initial business combination, we may elect to offer to the forward purchase investors the right to purchase up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. Whether we would issue forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share to the forward purchase investors would be determined at our election, and in our sole discretion, at the time of such
37
Table of Contents
offer. The funds from any sale of forward purchase securities are expected to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, to pay expenses in connection with our initial business combination, and for capital needs of the post-transaction company.
The rights and obligations under the forward purchase agreement will not depend on whether any public stockholders elect to redeem their shares in connection with our initial business combination. However, if we offer forward purchase securities under the forward purchase agreement but the sale does not close, or the amount purchased is less than the amount offered, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination. Each forward purchase investor’s commitment to purchase forward purchase securities is conditioned on, among other things, such forward purchase investor confirming its commitment and the amount thereof no later than fifteen days after we notify it of a proposed business combination and of our intention to raise capital through the issuance of equity securities under the forward purchase agreement in connection with the closing of such business combination, and on a requirement that such initial business combination be approved by a majority of our board and a majority of the independent directors of our board. Accordingly, if a forward purchase investor does not confirm its commitment at such time, or if such business combination is not approved by a majority of our board and a majority of the independent directors of our board, such forward purchase investor would not be obligated and would not have the right to purchase any forward purchase securities.
Additionally, the forward purchase agreement will be subject to termination prior to the closing of the sale of such securities by mutual written consent of us and Northern Genesis Capital III LLC, or automatically: (i) if this offering is not consummated on or prior to May 31, 2021; (ii) if our initial business combination is not consummated within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (iii) if we or Northern Genesis Capital III LLC become subject to any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or receivership that, in any such case, is not terminated within 60 days. In addition, any obligation to purchase the forward purchase securities will be subject to fulfilment of customary closing conditions, including that our initial business combination must be consummated substantially concurrently with the purchase of the forward purchase securities.
In the event that one or more forward purchase investors decline to confirm or fail to fund a purchase of forward purchase securities, or the forward purchase agreement is terminated, or any condition to such purchase is not satisfied and is not waived, the amount of funds that we would have available for our initial business combination and working capital of the post-business combination company would be reduced and we may not be able to obtain additional funds to account for such shortfall on terms favorable to us or at all.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and may increase the likelihood of conditions thereto being satisfied, and may reduce the public “float” of our common stock or public warrants.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such public stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling public stockholders could be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases would be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirements would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
38
Table of Contents
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our public shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination even though a substantial majority of our stockholders elect to have their shares redeemed.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.
Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination.
We anticipate only completing a business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.
Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares.
39
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Our Securities and Redemption
There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
There is currently no market for our securities. Following this offering, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.
The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
We intend to apply to have our securities listed on the NYSE. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NYSE listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public stockholders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE’s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share, our global market capitalization would be required to be at least $150,000,000, the aggregate market value of publicly-held shares would be required to be at least $40,000,000 and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot holders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.
If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
•        a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
•        reduced liquidity for our securities;
•        a determination that our common stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;
•        a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and
•        a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because our units and eventually our common stock and warrants will be listed on the NYSE, our units, common stock and warrants will be covered securities. If we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.
The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company.
Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with representatives of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the units, including the common stock and warrants underlying the units, include:
40
Table of Contents
•        the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
•        prior offerings of those companies;
•        our prospects for acquiring an operating business;
•        a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions;
•        our capital structure;
•        an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
•        general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and
•        other factors as were deemed relevant.
Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results.
Our sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.006 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our common stock.
The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the common stock and none to the warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon the closing of this offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, you and the other public stockholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 89.3% (or $8.93 per share, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $1.07 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per unit.
We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following this offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination, but we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
•        default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
•        acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
•        our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
•        our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
•        our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;
•        using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes;
41
Table of Contents
•        limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
•        increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
•        limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and
•        other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination.
We will be issuing warrants to purchase 3,750,000 shares of common stock (or up to 4,312,500 shares of common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) as part of the units offered by this prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of this offering, we will be issuing in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,166,667 (or up to 3,466,667 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares of common stock at $11.50 per share.
In addition, if our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates make any working capital loans, up to $3,000,000 of such loans may be converted into working capital warrants, at the price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender.
To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock and reduce the value of the shares of common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.
Because each unit contains one-quarter of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.
Each unit contains one-quarter of one redeemable warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-quarter of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share
We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.
We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, to use our best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares, and have it declared effective and maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to
42
Table of Contents
exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and, if the holder does not sell the warrant, such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
Our ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash.
If we call the warrants for redemption for cash, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. If we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of shares of common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at $11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when shares of common stock have a fair market value of $17.50 per share, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 shares of common stock. The holder would have received 875 shares of common stock if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company.
We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering, there will be 81,250,000 authorized but unissued shares of common stock available for issuance (assuming the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and 562,500 founder shares have been forfeited, which amount does not take into account the shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants). We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock, and may issue shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock:
•        may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering;
•        may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;
43
Table of Contents
•        could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and
•        may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, common stock and/or warrants.
The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than shares of our common stock, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time.
In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than shares of our common stock. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time.
We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants.
Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including the private placement warrants) to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants approve of such amendment. As a result, if all private placement warrants are voted in favor of any such amendment, we would need only 291,688, or approximately 7.8%, of the 3,750,000 warrants sold in this offering to be voted in favor of the amendment to have it approved (assuming the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised). Although our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.
We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you.
We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of common stock and equity-linked securities as described herein) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.
The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity may be amended with the approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended if approved by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, and subject to rights of our public stockholders to require the redemption of their public shares in the event of amendments prior to our initial business combination to provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Our sponsor, who will beneficially own up to 20% of
44
Table of Contents
our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming it does not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses. Our ability to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination activity may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree.
If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.
We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, in connection with any stockholder vote to approve a business combination, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.
You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
45
Table of Contents
Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.
Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of this offering in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures.
Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution.
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm and the underwriters in this offering), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to
46
Table of Contents
claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a definitive agreement for a business combination, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account (even if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligation and its only assets are expected to be our securities. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. As a result, we think it is unlikely that our sponsor would be able to satisfy any indemnification obligation if it arises. In such event, you may receive less than $10.00 per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our directors or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligation of our sponsor resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligation or that it has no indemnification obligation related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligation.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligation to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce this indemnification obligation, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, $100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential
47
Table of Contents
transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
Conflict of Interest Risks
Our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest that could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. The conflicts of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our officers and directors are, and in the future may be, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors is an officer or director of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and/or Northern Genesis Acquisition II, and each of the foregoing owe contractual and fiduciary duties to such entities. Northern Genesis and our sponsor and directors and officers may sponsor, invest in or otherwise become involved with other companies, including blank check companies similar to ours, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event that there is overlap among investment mandates and management teams.
Our directors and officers may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and that otherwise would be reasonable for us to pursue.
In addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and are engaged in other business activities, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities. In addition to obligations to various other third parties, our
48
Table of Contents
directors and officers currently have time and attention duties in relation to Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, and in the future may have time and attention duties in relation to other entities that at such time are affiliated with or managed by Northern Genesis. For a complete discussion of our officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see the sections of this prospectus entitled “Management — Directors and Executive Officers,” “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.
We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates although we do not currently intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.
We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
We may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such a transaction was attractive and in the best interests of our stockholders. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness of such a transaction, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.
Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
In January 2021, we issued an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. The number of founder shares was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock after this offering. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has agreed that it will purchase an aggregate of 3,166,667 (or 3,466,667 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at $11.50 per share, for a purchase price of $4,750,000 (or $5,200,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $1.50 per whole warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates which likely would not be repaid if we do not consummate an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.
Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of
49
Table of Contents
such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
Our sponsor will control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote.
Upon consummation of our offering, our sponsor will own 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming it does not purchase any units in this offering). None of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of stockholders seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the shares of common stock owned by them immediately before this offering as well as any shares of common stock acquired in this offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination.
Our board of directors is and will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of a business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights under corporate law for up to 24 months. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business combination. The forward purchase securities will not be issued, if at all, until completion of our initial business combination, and, accordingly, will not be included in any stockholder vote until such time.
Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Corporate Governance
Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.
We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
50
Table of Contents
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, subject to limited exceptions, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers or employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if such actions are brought outside of the State of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers or employees.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Except as otherwise limited by applicable law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
This choice of forum provision may make it more costly, or limit a stockholder’s ability, to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. However, we cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts for all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Investors cannot waive compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, or to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.
We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.
51
Table of Contents
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equalled or exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:
•        restrictions on the nature of our investments; and
•        restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination.
In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:
•        registration as an investment company;
•        adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and
•        reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. As a result of the foregoing, we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to
52
Table of Contents
the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination.
Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Further, we may be subject to additional burdensome and costly requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act if we are no longer an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company.
53
Table of Contents
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements in this prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about:
•        our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;
•        our ability to complete our initial business combination;
•        our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;
•        our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
•        our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;
•        our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
•        our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic;
•        our pool of prospective target businesses;
•        the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities;
•        our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
•        the lack of a market for our securities;
•        the proceeds from any sale of forward purchase securities being available to us;
•        the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;
•        the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or
•        our financial performance following this offering or an initial business combination.
The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
54
Table of Contents
USE OF PROCEEDS
We are offering 15,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private placement warrants will be used as set forth in the following table.
  Without
Over-Allotment
Option
  Over-Allotment
Option
Gross proceeds
                Gross proceeds from units offered to public
  $
150,000,000
    $
172,500,000
  Gross proceeds from private placement warrants offered in the private placement
    4,750,000
      5,200,000
  Total gross proceeds
  $
154,750,000
    $
177,700,000
                    Offering expenses(1)
                Underwriting commissions (2.0% of gross proceeds from units offered to public, excluding deferred portion)(2)
  $
3,000,000
    $
3,450,000
  Legal fees and expenses
    200,000
      200,000
  Accounting fees and expenses
    40,000
      40,000
  SEC/FINRA Expenses
    45,000
      45,000
  Travel and road show
    20,000
      20,000
  NYSE listing and filing fees
    45,000
      45,000
  Director and Officer liability insurance premiums
    350,000
      350,000
  Printing and engraving expenses
    40,000
      40,000
  Miscellaneous
    10,000
      10,000
  Total offering expenses (excluding underwriting commissions)
  $
750,000
    $
750,000
  Proceeds after offering expenses
  $
151,000,000
    $
173,500,000
  Held in trust account
  $
150,000,000
    $
172,500,000
  % of public offering size
    100
%
    100
%
Not held in trust account
  $
1,000,000
    $
1,000,000
  The following table shows the use of the approximately $1,000,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account.(3)
  Amount
  % of Total
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other expenses in connection with any business combination
  $
350,000
  35.0
%
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations
    150,000
  15.0
%
Consulting, travel and miscellaneous expenses incurred during search for initial business combination target
    50,000
  5.0
%
Payment for office space, utilities, administrative and support services ($10,000 per month for up to 24 months)
    240,000
  24.0
%
NYSE continued listing fees
    45,000
  4.5
%
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses
    165,000
  16.5
%
Total
  $
1,000,000
  100.0
%
____________
(1)      A portion of the offering expenses will be paid from the proceeds of loans from our sponsor of up to $150,000 as described in this prospectus. As of January 13, 2021, $5,000 was outstanding under the promissory note governing the loan. This loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $750,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses.
(2)      The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. Upon completion of our initial business combination, $5,250,000 which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred commissions (or $6,037,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust account. The representatives of the underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions.
55
Table of Contents
(3)      These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. The amount in the table above does not include interest available to us from the trust account. Based on current interest rates, we would expect approximately $150,000 per annum to be available to us from interest earned on the funds held in the trust account over 24 months following the closing of this offering; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. This estimate assumes an interest rate of 0.1% per annum based upon current yields of securities in which the trust account may be invested.
Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, $150,000,000 (or $172,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), including $5,250,000 (or $6,037,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions, will be placed in a U.S.-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be held in a demand deposit cash account or invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate that the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $150,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination and certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination; and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our business combination. If the purchase price for our initial business combination is paid in equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the purchase price, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
We believe that amounts not held in trust, together with funds available to us from loans from our sponsor, will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective business combination, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of a business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable.
In order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest basis. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $3,000,000 of such loans may be converted into working capital warrants, at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, officers and directors or their affiliates as we do not believe unaffiliated third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
56
Table of Contents
We expect to make payments, up to $2,000,000 in the aggregate, in respect of the services of personnel affiliated with our sponsor, or reimburse affiliates of our sponsor for the use of personnel for services related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. To the extent any amounts are in respect of the services of individuals who also serve as directors or executive officers of our company, such amounts will be reviewed and approved by our audit committee. We will also reimburse our sponsor or its affiliate for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to members of our management team, in an amount equal to $10,000 per month. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
Prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $150,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of January 13, 2021, $5,000 was outstanding under the promissory note governing the loan. This loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $750,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses.
We expect to enter into the forward purchase agreement pursuant to which, if we determine to raise capital by issuing equity securities in connection with the closing of our initial business combination, we may offer the forward purchase investors the right to purchase up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. Whether we would issue forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share to the forward purchase investors would be determined at our election, and in our sole discretion, at the time of such offer. Each whole forward purchase warrant would be exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. The forward purchase warrants would have the same terms as the public warrants and the forward purchase shares will be identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights. The funds from any sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, to pay expenses in connection with such business combination, and for the capital needs of the post-transaction company. The forward purchase transaction, if any, is not dependent upon or affected by the percentage of stockholders electing to redeem their public shares and may provide us with an increased minimum funding level for the initial business combination. The forward purchase transaction is at our discretion and is subject to conditions, including one or more forward purchase investors confirming their commitment to purchase forward purchase securities and the amount thereof no later than fifteen days after we notify them of a proposed business combination and of our intention to raise capital through the issuance of equity securities under the forward purchase agreement in connection with the closing of such business combination. A forward purchase investor may grant or withhold its confirmation entirely within its sole discretion, and if a forward purchase investor does not confirm its commitment at such time, it will not be obligated and will not have the right to purchase any of the forward purchase securities.
We may not redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of the business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) and the agreement for our business combination may require as a closing condition that we have a minimum amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights so that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement or any cash requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares or the business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination.
A public stockholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination; and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
57
Table of Contents
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior thereto. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame. However, if they acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
58
Table of Contents
DIVIDEND POLICY
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. However, if we increase or decrease the size of this offering we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our common stock so as to maintain the ownership of our sponsor at 20.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering (excluding any public shares purchased in this offering).
59
Table of Contents
DILUTION
The difference between the public offering price per share of common stock, assuming no value is attributed to the any warrants, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private placement warrants and working capital warrants, which would cause the actual dilution to the public stockholders to be higher. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding shares of our common stock.
At January 13, 2021, our net tangible book value deficit was $6,000, or approximately $(0.00) per share of common stock. After giving effect to the sale of 15,000,000 shares of common stock included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, the sale of the private placement warrants and the deduction of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at January 13, 2021, would have been $5,000,010, or approximately $1.07 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of the approximately 14,077,399 shares of common stock that may be redeemed for cash and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) of $1.07 per share to our sponsor as of the date of this prospectus and an immediate dilution of $8.93 per share or 89.3% to our public stockholders not exercising their redemption rights. The dilution to new investors if the underwriters exercise the over-allotment option in full would be an immediate dilution of $9.06 per share or 90.6%.
The following table illustrates the dilution to the public stockholders on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units or the private placement warrants:
Public offering price
        $
10.00
  Net tangible book value before this offering
  (0.00
)
        Increase attributable to new investors
  1.07
          Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants
          1.07
  Dilution to new investors
        $
8.93
              89.3
%
For purposes of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) by $140,773,990 because holders of up to approximately 93.8% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per-share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account, calculated as of two business days prior to our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of shares of common stock sold in this offering. The actual amount of shares that can be redeemed may exceed this amount so long as we satisfy the minimum net tangible asset threshold of at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination.
The following table sets forth information with respect to our sponsor and the public stockholders:
  Shares Purchased
  Total Consideration
  Average Price
Per Share
    Number
  Percentage
  Amount
  Percentage
  Sponsor(1)
  3,750,000
  20.00
%
  $
25,000
  0.01
%
  $
0.0067
Public Stockholders
  15,000,000
  80.00
%
    150,000,000
  99.99
%
  $
10.00
    18,750,000
  100.00
%
  $
150,025,000
  100.00
%
      ____________
(1)      Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of an aggregate of 562,500 founder shares.
60
Table of Contents
The pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering is calculated as follows:
Numerator:
        Net tangible book value (deficit) before this offering
  $
(6,000
)
Proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, net of expenses(1)
    151,000,000
  Offering costs excluded from net tangible book value before this offering
    30,000
  Less: deferred underwriters’ commissions payable
    (5,250,000
)
Less: amount of common stock subject to redemption to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001(2)
    (140,773,990
)
    $
5,000,010
  Denominator:
        Shares of common stock outstanding prior to this offering
  $
4,312,500
  Less: shares of common stock forfeited if over-allotment is not exercised
    (562,500
)
Shares of common stock included in the units offered
    15,000,000
  Less: shares of common stock subject to redemption
    (14,077,399
)
    $
4,672,601
  ____________
(1)      Expenses applied against gross proceeds include offering expenses of $750,000 and underwriting commissions of $3,000,000 or $3,450,000 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option (excluding deferred underwriting fees). See “Use of Proceeds.”
(2)      If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. In the event of any such purchases of our shares prior to the completion of our initial business combination, the number of shares of our common stock subject to redemption will be reduced by the amount of any such purchases, increasing the pro forma net tangible book value per share. See “Proposed Business — Permitted Purchases of Our Securities.”
61
Table of Contents
CAPITALIZATION
The following table sets forth our capitalization at January 13, 2021, and as adjusted to give effect to the filing of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the sale of our units in this offering and the private placement warrants and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities:
  January 13, 2021
    Actual
  As Adjusted(1)
Deferred underwriting commissions(2)
  $
—
    $
5,250,000
  Promissory note to sponsor(3)
    5,000
      —
  Common stock, 14,077,399 shares subject to redemption(4)
    —
      140,773,990
                    Stockholders’ equity:
                Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized (actual and as adjusted); none issued or outstanding (actual and as adjusted)
    —
      —
  Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 4,312,500 shares issued and outstanding (actual); 4,672,601 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 14,077,399 shares subject to redemption) (as adjusted)
    431
      467
  Additional paid-in capital
    24,569
      5,000,543
  Accumulated deficit
    (1,000
)
    (1,000
)
Total stockholders’ equity
    24,000
      5,000,010
  Total capitalization
  $
29,000
    $
151,024,000
  ____________
(1)      Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and the resulting forfeiture of 562,500 founder shares has occurred. Excludes gross proceeds from any sale of forward purchase securities that may close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination.
(2)      $0.35 per unit, or $5,250,000 (or up to $6,037,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account located in the United States as described herein. The deferred commissions will be released to the underwriters only on completion of an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The company records deferred underwriting commissions upon the closing of the initial public offering as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. Since the actual additional paid-in capital was reduced by the recording of the accrued deferred underwriting commission, total capitalization, as adjusted, includes the amount of the deferred underwriting commission to reflect total capitalization.
(3)      Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $150,000 under an unsecured promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of January 13, 2021, our sponsor had loaned us $5,000 under the unsecured promissory note.
(4)      Upon the completion of our initial business combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations, subject to the limitations described herein whereby our net tangible assets will be maintained at a minimum of $5,000,001 and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination. The actual number of shares of common stock subject to redemption may exceed this amount as long as we satisfy the minimum net tangible asset amount.
62
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview
We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware and formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have not identified any specific target business and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any target business regarding an initial business combination with our company. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of any sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources.
The issuance of additional shares of our stock in a business combination, including but not limited to any issuance of forward purchase securities under the forward purchase agreement:
•        may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering;
•        may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;
•        may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;
•        could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
•        may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
•        may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants.
Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in:
•        default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
•        acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
•        our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
•        our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
•        our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;
•        using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes;
•        limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
•        increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
63
Table of Contents
•        limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and
•        other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at January 13, 2021, we had no cash, deferred offering costs of $30,000 and a working capital deficit of $6,000. Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this uncertainty through this offering are discussed below. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events
We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of this offering through the payment of $25,000 by our sponsor to cover certain offering costs in exchange for the founder shares and loans to us of up to $150,000 by our sponsor under an unsecured promissory note. As of January 13, 2021, $5,000 was outstanding under the promissory note. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $750,000, underwriting commissions of $3,000,000 ($3,450,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of $5,250,000 (or $6,037,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full)), and (ii) the sale of the private placement warrants for a purchase price of $4,750,000 (or $5,200,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be $151,000,000 (or $173,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Of this amount, $150,000,000 (or $172,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account, which includes $5,250,000 (or $6,037,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The remaining approximately $1,000,000 will not be held in the trust account. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $750,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $750,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
We may withdraw interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (if any) to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion of this offering, to be $200,000, which is the maximum per annum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our franchise and income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.
64
Table of Contents
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we will have available to us the approximately $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account. We will use these funds primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.
In order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest basis. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $3,000,000 of such loans may be converted into working capital warrants, at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates as we do not believe other third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately $350,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; $150,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; $50,000 for consulting, travel and miscellaneous expenses incurred during the search for a business combination target; $45,000 reserved for NYSE continued listing fees; $240,000 for office space, administrative and support services; and approximately $165,000 for working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. These amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses.
In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay personnel affiliated with our sponsor, or reimburse affiliates of our sponsor for the use of personnel for services related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination, and/or commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. To the extent any amounts are in respect of the services of individuals who also serve as directors or executive officers of our company, such amounts will be reviewed and approved by our audit committee.
If our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, or if the forward purchase investors do not to exercise their right to purchase some or all of the forward purchase securities that we may offer to them, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.
Controls and Procedures
We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement.
65
Table of Contents
Prior to the closing of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our independent registered public accounting firm tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
•        staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
•        reconciliation of accounts;
•        proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
•        evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
•        documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
•        documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404. The independent registered public accounting firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
The net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
Related Party Transactions
In January 2021, our sponsor paid $25,000 to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 4,312,500 founder shares.
If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable with respect to our common stock so as to maintain the ownership of founder shares at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon the consummation of this offering.
Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we have agreed to pay our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We also expect to make payments, up to $2,000,000 in the aggregate, in respect of the services of personnel affiliated with our sponsor, or reimburse affiliates of our sponsor for the use of personnel for services related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. To the extent any amounts are in respect of the services of individuals who also serve as directors or executive officers of our company, such amounts will be reviewed and approved by our audit committee.
66
Table of Contents
Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made such persons and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $150,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2021, the closing of this offering or the abandonment of this offering. These loans will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $750,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. As of January 13, 2021, our sponsor had loaned us $5,000 under the unsecured promissory note.
In addition, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest basis. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $3,000,000 of such loans may be converted into working capital warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates as we do not believe other third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
Our sponsor has agreed that it will purchase an aggregate of 3,166,667 (or 3,466,667 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($4,750,000 in the aggregate or $5,200,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. Title to the private placement warrants cannot be transferred until 30 days after the completion of our business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions (as described below under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants”). The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The private placement warrants may also be exercised by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees for cash or on a cashless basis. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering.
We expect to enter into the forward purchase agreement pursuant to which, if we determine to raise capital by issuing equity securities in connection with the closing of our initial business combination, we may offer to the members of Northern Genesis Capital III LLC, which is an affiliate of our sponsor, the right to purchase up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. The proceeds from any sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, to pay expenses in connection with our initial business combination, or for capital needs of the post-transaction company.
Pursuant to a registration rights agreement we will enter into on or prior to the closing of this offering, we may be required to register for resale under the Securities Act the founder shares, the private placement warrants (and underlying shares of common stock), any working capital warrants we may issue upon conversion of working capital loans (and underlying shares of common stock) and the forward purchase securities (and, with respect to forward purchase warrants, the underlying shares of common stock). In addition, the holders of such securities have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
67
Table of Contents
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
As of January 13, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus, as we have not conducted any operations to date.
JOBS Act
On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.
Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company”, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of this offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
68
Table of Contents
PROPOSED BUSINESS
Overview
Northern Genesis Holdings Inc. is a company founded by Ian Robertson and Christopher Jarratt and is organized pursuit to a shared belief in the value creation thesis of identifying and investing in companies that are making a positive difference to the sustainability challenges facing society. We believe that our management team’s extensive industry reach and relationships with leading energy transition company founders and executives of private and public companies will give us a competitive advantage in pursuing a broad range of opportunities. The professional experience gained from building Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. from its founding to an NYSE listed $13 billion renewable energy and sustainable utility member of the TSX 60 equity index has equipped our founders well to provide direction and mentorship to sustainable business owners. Our management team believes that this rare perspective on business growth together with its ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives will remain central to its differentiated acquisition strategy.
Our founders believe that there is a growing societal sensitivity on the part of customers, investors and employees to the alignment that a business demonstrates with the principles underlying sustainability. Incorporating these principles into business strategies requires ongoing consideration of certain environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors that can both create opportunities and present potential risks. With sustainability thematically woven into their business plans and strategies, the business combination opportunities identified by our founders can create social and environmental value in addition to financial or economic value. Our management team believes there are significant, attractive opportunities to invest in businesses that demonstrate a commitment to this ‘triple bottom line’ orientation.
While a commitment to ESG covers a broad range of themes, our management team are specifically focused on evaluating suitable targets whose business practices demonstrate clear alignment with sustainability principles and whose organizational culture embraces the value of such alignment. We believe there are attractive investment opportunities that may benefit, both operationally and economically, from our management team’s commitment to and expertise in designing and incorporating ESG processes and practices. We believe that opportunities for improved business success based on strong ESG alignment exist across a broad range of industries and sectors. As demonstrated by our management team with Northern Genesis Acquisition I’s announced business combination with The Lion Electric Company, we believe the experience of our management team will allow us to evaluate targets in industries such as energy transition to renewable sources, transportation and electric mobility (including charging infrastructure, batteries, railways and logistics), data and communication (including data centers, internet distribution and mobile infrastructure), agriculture (including product logistics, biofuels and storage) and community services (including waste, recycling, environmental and construction), among others. We believe that organizations operating in all of these sectors can generate attractive returns through strengthened ESG profiles and incorporating environmental sustainability into their business strategies. Companies in our target universe will be ones that would greatly benefit from access to both public market capital and our public market expertise.
Our Company
We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated in Delaware and formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination with one or more target businesses. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities and activities relating to this offering. We have not identified any specific target business and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any target business regarding an initial business combination with our company. We have generated no revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination at the earliest. Although we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry, we intend to focus on opportunities making a positive contribution to sustainability through the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure.
Our management team co-founded Northern Genesis Acquisition I (NYSE: NGA), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in August 2020, in which it sold 31,945,344 units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock, for an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of approximately $320 million. Our management team also co-founded Northern Genesis
69
Table of Contents
Acquisition II (NYSE: NGAB), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in January 2021, in which it sold 41,400,000 units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-third of one warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock, for an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of approximately $414 million. On November 30, 2020, Northern Genesis Acquisition I announced the execution of a definitive agreement for its initial business combination with The Lion Electric Company. The combined entity, The Lion Electric Company, is expected to be listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “LEV”. We believe that we will benefit from the valuable experience gained by our management team during the launch and operation of Northern Genesis Acquisition I, including the process of evaluating numerous target companies and industry sectors, selecting The Lion Electric Company as its business combination partner and negotiating the terms of the business combination agreement and all of the related transactions. The information contained in this prospectus shall not constitute solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of Northern Genesis Acquisition I. Past performance of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company.
We believe in the ability of our management team to add significant value to a target company from a commercial, operating, strategic and sustainability perspective. In particular, we will seek to identify and acquire a business that could benefit from a hands-on owner with extensive operational experience and the public company expertise our management team possesses, or that relies on the target’s executive and operational expertise but presents potential for an attractive risk-adjusted return profile following a business combination with us. Even fundamentally sound companies can often underperform their potential due to underinvestment, a temporary period of dislocation in the markets in which they operate, over-levered capital structures, excessive cost structures, incomplete management teams and/or a need to realign business strategies. In addition, these companies may have little or no experience operating in the public markets. Our management team has significant experience in identifying such opportunities and executing on strategies to surface value in a public market context.
Our management team will include certain of the members of the management team of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II. Listed alphabetically, the following are the individuals comprising the officers and directors of our company:
•        Paul Dalglish.    Mr. Dalglish is an experienced operations and information technology executive, specializing in the design and delivery of systems providing operational excellence. Mr. Dalglish brings experience in the delivery of technology-enabled transformations with international clients and has led large global operations employee and contractor teams. He has led business development and contract negotiation teams for large outsourcing contracts. Mr. Dalglish currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve on the Board of Directors of the company.
•        Michael Hoffman.    Mr. Hoffman is an active senior business professional. He is the founder of Stone Capital Partners, a private financing firm focused on energy infrastructure in North America and globally. Previously, he was a partner at Riverstone Holdings, a multi-billion private equity firm, where he was head of Riverstone’s Renewable Energy Funds and led the teams responsible for conventional power and energy investments. Mr. Hoffman currently serves as the President of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve as the President of the company.
•        Christopher Jarratt.    Mr. Jarratt is an active senior business professional having co-founded Algonquin Power Corporation (the predecessor to Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp.) in 1988 and serving as Executive Vice Chair for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. from October 2009 through November 2020 and director from October 2009 through October 2020. Mr. Jarratt brings more than 30 years of experience in the origination, development and operations of global infrastructure investment initiatives and is committed to the concept of best of class governance and sustainable investing. Mr. Jarratt currently serves as Chair of the Board of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve as Chair of the Board of Directors of the company.
70
Table of Contents
•        Ken Manget.    Mr. Manget previously served as Global Head, Relationship Investing at the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan where he ran teams in Hong Kong, London and Toronto, and was responsible for a diversified portfolio of pre-IPO, public and private equity investments. Mr. Manget currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the company.
•        Ian Robertson.    Mr. Robertson is an active senior business professional and currently leads InfraStar Investments, an infrastructure investment management company. Mr. Robertson co-founded APCI in 1988 and served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. from October 2009 through July 2020. During his leadership tenure, Algonquin has grown to become one of Canada’s largest power and utilities companies serving regulated electricity, natural gas and water utility customers in the United States and Canada and owning and operating a large portfolio of global renewable wind and solar powered generation capacity. He has more than 30 years of experience in the origination and execution of global infrastructure investment initiatives and is committed to the concept of sustainable investing. Mr. Robertson currently serves as Vice Chair and secretary of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and serves as Chief Executive Officer and as a director of Northern Genesis Acquisition II. Mr. Robertson will serve as Chief Executive Officer and will serve on the Board of Directors of the company.
•        Robert Schaefer.    Mr. Schaefer is an executive with a track record of repositioning and growing businesses through his experience leading business units, undertaking mergers and acquisitions and completing finance transactions in Bermuda, Canada, U.S. and Europe. Mr. Schaefer has been responsible for significant capital deployment in growth investments, negotiation of long-term contract restructuring and company sales and acquisitions. Mr. Schaefer currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve on the board of directors of the company.
•        Brad Sparkes.    Mr. Sparkes is an active senior business professional. He co-founded and served as President and Chief Executive Officer for BowArk Energy Ltd, a wind energy developer, since September 2003. Since its inception, BowArk has successfully developed a number of renewable energy projects across Canada. Mr. Sparkes currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II and will serve on the Board of Directors of the company.
We believe that potential sellers of target businesses will view the fact that our management team has successfully negotiated a business combination for Northern Genesis Acquisition I as a positive factor in considering whether or not to enter into a business combination with us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, past performance of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical performance record of our management team, Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II as indicative of our future performance.
We expect to enter into the forward purchase agreement pursuant to which, if we determine to raise capital by issuing equity securities in connection with the closing of our initial business combination, we may offer the forward purchase investors the right to purchase up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. Whether we would issue forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share to the forward purchase investors would be determined at our election, and in our sole discretion, at the time of such offer. Each whole forward purchase warrant would be exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. The forward purchase warrants would have the same terms as the public warrants and the forward purchase shares would be identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights. The funds from any sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, to pay expenses in connection with our initial business combination, and for the capital needs of the post-transaction company. The forward purchase transaction, if any, is not dependent
71
Table of Contents
upon or affected by the percentage of stockholders electing to redeem their public shares and may provide us with an increased minimum funding level for the initial business combination. The forward purchase transaction is at our discretion and would be subject to conditions, including one or more forward purchase investors confirming their commitment to purchase forward purchase securities and the amount thereof no later than fifteen days after we notify them of a proposed business combination and of our intention to raise capital through the issuance of equity securities in connection with the closing of a such business combination. Each forward purchase investor may grant or withhold its confirmation entirely within its sole discretion, and if a forward purchase investor does not confirm such commitment at such time, it will not be obligated and will not have the right to purchase any of the forward purchase securities. Please see the risk factor entitled “In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial business combination, our management may consider the availability of funds from a sale of forward purchase securities, which may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination. If the forward purchase investors do not exercise their right to purchase all or some of the forward purchase securities that we may offer to them, we may decide not to consummate our initial business combination, or if we decide to, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination” for more information. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the forward purchase agreement, we will grant the forward purchase investors, collectively, the right to appoint two observers to our board of directors until the consummation of our initial business combination. Such observers will not have voting rights or otherwise have any of the powers of a member of our board of directors.
We believe our ability to complete an initial business combination will be enhanced by our entering into the forward purchase agreement.
Business Strategy
We believe our management team’s track record and execution experience, including its experience in sourcing the business combination with The Lion Electric Company for Northern Genesis Acquisition I, together with the extensive experience of our management team, make us well positioned to identify, source, negotiate and execute a business combination that meets our investment criteria and generates attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders.
We will seek to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that complements the experience of our management team and can benefit from their operating and deal making expertise. Our selection process is expected to leverage our management team’s network of relationships, deal sourcing capability and unique industry experiences to access a wide range of proprietary opportunities. The management team and directors have developed these capabilities during their respective career endeavours which have included, for Mr. Hoffman, pursuing a distinguished career in originating and completing successful renewable energy investments for recognized private equity firms and for Messrs. Robertson and Jarratt, building Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. into a broad-based power and utility infrastructure company recognized as one of the most sustainable companies globally and for Mr. Manget, merger, capital markets and investing experience gained through his previous roles as an investment banker and pension fund manager. Our management team and directors have a history of sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses. They also share deep relationships with target companies and capital markets advisors, as well as extensive experience raising both debt and equity capital across business cycles. These experiences have provided them with a broad understanding of public market performance and investor expectations, enhancing their ability to provide mentorship as a target management team transitions from private to public markets.
Initial Business Combination
We currently do not have any specific business combination under consideration. Our officers and directors have neither individually selected nor considered a target business with respect to a possible business combination transaction with our company, nor have they had any substantive discussions among themselves or with our underwriters or other advisors regarding possible target businesses with respect to a possible business combination transaction with our company. We have not (nor have any of our agents or affiliates on our behalf) engaged in any substantive discussions with any candidates (or representative of any candidates) with respect to a possible business combination transaction with our company. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, taken any substantive measure, directly or indirectly, to select or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us, nor have we engaged or retained any agent or other representative to select or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us.
72
Table of Contents
The NYSE rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. However, we will not be required to meet this condition if we are not then listed on the NYSE.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that company in which our public stockholders own shares following the transaction will own or acquire 100% of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we anticipate only completing such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the NYSE’s 80% fair market value test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.
Our Acquisition Process
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital allocation experience.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Members of our management team will directly or indirectly own founder shares, private placement warrants, working capital warrants and/or forward purchase securities following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers or directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
Northern Genesis and our sponsor and directors and officers may sponsor, invest in or otherwise become involved with other companies, including blank check companies similar to ours, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event that there is overlap among investment mandates and management teams.
73
Table of Contents
Subject to their fiduciary duties under the DGCL, none of the members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and that otherwise would be reasonable for us to pursue.
Our directors and officers presently have, and any of them in the future may have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she then has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. In addition, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under the DGCL, he or she otherwise may choose to present such opportunities to such other entities before he or she presents such opportunities to us. Such other entities may include current or future entities affiliated with or managed by Northern Genesis or third parties.
Without limiting the foregoing, all of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to Northern Genesis and/or to certain companies in which it has invested or may invest, by reason of his or her position with such company. These entities, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. The current focus of each of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, and our company’s initial expected focus, is on target opportunities making a positive contribution to sustainability through the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure. If Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) or Northern Genesis Acquisition II decides to pursue any specific opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunity.
Pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement between Northern Genesis Acquisition I and The Lion Electric Company, the members of our management team will not present any new business combination opportunities to Northern Genesis Acquisition I. However, if Northern Genesis Acquisition I’s business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated, members of our management team will continue to have fiduciary duties and obligations to present to Northern Genesis Acquisition I potential business combination opportunities that are presented to them specifically in their capacity as an officer or director of Northern Genesis Acquisition I or which are determined by such director or officer to be suitable for Northern Genesis Acquisition I. Additionally, upon consummation of the business combination with The Lion Electric Company, it is anticipated that Mr. Robertson (our Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors) and Mr. Jarratt (a member of our board of directors and our Board Chair) will serve on the board of directors of The Lion Electric Company and will have fiduciary obligations to The Lion Electric Company.
Members of our management team performing similar roles for Northern Genesis Acquisition II also have and will continue to have contractual and fiduciary duties and obligations to Northern Genesis Acquisition II, including with respect to business combination opportunities. In particular, our directors and officers have fiduciary and contractual obligations to present to Northern Genesis Acquisition II potential business combination opportunities that are presented to them specifically in their capacity as an officer or director of Northern Genesis Acquisition II or which are determined, by such director or officer in his or her professional judgment, to be suitable for Northern Genesis Acquisition II. However, Northern Genesis Acquisition II has raised substantially greater funds than we expect to raise pursuant to this offering, and we have been advised that the board of directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition II has determined that a combination with a particular target generally will not be suitable to Northern Genesis Acquisition II if the cash needed for the acquisition and near-term expansion of the target’s business is less than the $414 million currently held in trust by Northern Genesis Acquisition II.
We do not believe that any potential conflicts of interest will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. We believe any conflicts of interest with Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) and Northern Genesis Acquisition II will be significantly mitigated by the fact that we expect to raise a substantially lower amount of capital than either of such entities and, as a result, we expect to be able to
74
Table of Contents
more efficiently compete for and effectuate a business combination in which the cash needed for the acquisition and near-term expansion of the target’s business is less than the cash currently held in trust by Northern Genesis Acquisition I (approximately $319 million) and by Northern Genesis Acquisition II (approximately $414 million).
In addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and are engaged in other business activities, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying and evaluating potential business combinations for us or other entities. In addition to obligations to various other third parties, our directors and officers currently have time and attention duties in relation to Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, and in the future may have time and attention duties in relation to other entities that at such time are affiliated with or managed by Northern Genesis.
To the extent any conflict of interest arises between our company, on the one hand, and other entities affiliated with Northern Genesis, our sponsor, or any of our officers or directors, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, such conflicts of interest will be resolved by Northern Genesis, our sponsor, or such officers or directors in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing fiduciary, contractual or other duties, and there can be no assurance that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor. See “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Risk Factors — Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.”
Acquisition Criteria
We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses for a business combination:
•        Ability to align with our sustainability principles and support reduction of carbon intensity;
•        Defined barriers to entry or sustainable competitive advantages;
•        Predictable revenue and free cash flow to support reinvestment growth;
•        Little material technology, scale-up or market risk and success not premised on future capital raises to achieve growth plans;
•        Opportunity to benefit from our management team’s network and expertise to drive improved financial performance; and
•        Ability to benefit from access to the public capital markets
Notwithstanding the foregoing, these criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Further, we may elect to pursue a business combination with a target business that may not meet any of the foregoing criteria and guidelines. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC.
Our Management Team
Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they have advised us that they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process.
75
Table of Contents
As supported by the business combination with The Lion Electric Company announced for Northern Genesis Acquisition I, we believe our management team’s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team’s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Management” for a more complete description of our management team’s experience.
Status as a Public Company
We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.
Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete this offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent this offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.
Financial Position
With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of $144,750,000 assuming no redemptions and after payment of $5,250,000 of deferred underwriting fees (or $166,462,500 assuming no redemptions and after payment of up to $6,037,500 of deferred underwriting fees if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, other than the forward purchase agreement, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.
Effecting our Initial Business Combination
We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of any sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.
If the purchase price for our initial business combination is paid in equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the purchase price or used for redemptions of purchases of our common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for
76
Table of Contents
general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the forward purchase agreement, at this time we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.
Sources of Target Businesses
We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder’s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account.
We have agreed to pay our sponsor or its affiliate a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigation and completing an initial business combination. We also expect to make payments, up to $2,000,000 in the aggregate, in respect of the services of personnel affiliated with our sponsor, or reimburse affiliates of our sponsor for the use of personnel for services related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. To the extent any amounts are in respect of the services of individuals who also serve as directors or executive officers of our company, such amounts will be reviewed and approved by our audit committee. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with any such persons, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. We have not contacted any of the prospective target businesses that Northern Genesis Acquisition I or Northern Genesis Acquisition II had considered and rejected while such entity was searching for target businesses to
77
Table of Contents
acquire. We do not currently intend to contact any of such targets; however, we may do so in the future if we become aware that the valuations, operations, profits or prospects of such target business, or the benefits of any potential transaction with such target business, would be attractive.
As more fully discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination
NYSE rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on the NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80% fair market value test.
In any case, we anticipate only completing an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% fair market value test. There is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our business combination.
To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information that will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.
The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.
78
Table of Contents
Lack of Business Diversification
For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
•        subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and
•        cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team
Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination
We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction.
Type of Transaction
  Whether
Stockholder
Approval is
Required
Purchase of assets
  No
Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company
  No
Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company
  No
Merger of the company with a target
  Yes
79
Table of Contents
Under the NYSE’s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:
•        we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding;
•        any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by the NYSE rules) has a 5% or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired and if the number of shares of common stock to be issued, or if the number of shares of common stock into which the securities may be convertible or exercisable, exceeds either (a) 1% of the number of shares of common stock or 1% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any of our directors or officers (b) 5% of the number of shares of common stock or 5% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any substantial security holders; or
•        the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control.
Permitted Purchases of our Securities
In the event we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. Subsequent to the consummation of this offering, we intend to adopt an insider trading policy which would generally require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing securities during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information; and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary.
In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
The purpose of such purchases would be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
80
Table of Contents
It is anticipated that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates would identify the stockholders with whom they may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. Furthermore, it is anticipated that they would select which stockholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.
Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the representatives of the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the founder shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
Limitations on Redemptions
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Manner of Conducting Redemptions
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination.
81
Table of Contents
If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
•        conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and
•        file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
Upon the public announcement of our business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, we will not redeem any public shares unless our net tangible assets will be at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
•        conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
•        file proxy materials with the SEC.
In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the business combination (or such greater number as may be required by applicable law or the rules of any applicable national securities exchange) are voted in favor of the business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the founder shares and any public shares they hold in connection with the completion of a business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
82
Table of Contents
Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our public stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares issued in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our public stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights
In connection with any stockholder meeting to approve an initial business combination, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials mailed to such holders. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our proxy materials until the date set forth in such proxy materials to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.
There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker such nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.
The foregoing is different from the procedures used historically by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an “option window” after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become “option” rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder’s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved.
83
Table of Contents
Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination.
If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.
If our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of this offering.
Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination within such 24-month period (and our stockholders have not amended our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend this time period), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the 24-month time period.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into letter agreements with us pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if they acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 24-month time period.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (b) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of a business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules).
We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
84
Table of Contents
However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay our tax obligations, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to $100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.
If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than $10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims.
Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm and the underwriters in this offering), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver.
In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a definitive agreement for a business combination, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account (even if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy this indemnity obligation nor have we asked it to reserve for such eventuality and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
85
Table of Contents
indemnification obligation or that it has no indemnification obligation related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligation. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligation to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.00 per public share.
We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm and the underwriters in this offering), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We expect to have access to up to approximately $1,000,000 from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants (minus amounts by which costs of the offering exceed our estimate of $750,000), with which to fund ongoing operations and to pay any such potential claims and costs incurred in connection with our liquidation. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors.
Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.
86
Table of Contents
Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm and the underwriters in this offering), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses, and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination, or in connection with certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above.
87
Table of Contents
Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with our Initial Business Combination and if We Fail to Complete our Business Combination
The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
  Redemptions in
Connection with our
Initial Business Combination
  Other Permitted
Purchases of Public
Shares by us or our
Affiliates
  Redemptions if we fail to
Complete an Initial
Business combination
Calculation of redemption price
  Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place, if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of the business combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination.
  If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions.
  If we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
88
Table of Contents
  Redemptions in
Connection with our
Initial Business Combination
  Other Permitted
Purchases of Public
Shares by us or our
Affiliates
  Redemptions if we fail to
Complete an Initial
Business combination
Impact to remaining stockholders
  The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and franchise and income taxes payable.
  If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us.
  The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our sponsor, who will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions.
Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419
The following table compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419. This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering.
  Terms of Our Offering
  Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds
  $150,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee.
  Approximately $127,575,000 of the offering proceeds would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
Investment of net proceeds
  $150,000,000 of the net offering proceeds and the sale of the private placement warrants held in trust will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
  Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
Receipt of interest on escrowed funds
  Interest on proceeds from the trust account to be paid to stockholders is reduced by any tax obligations paid or payable, and in the event of our liquidation for failure to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time, up to $100,000 of net interest that may be released to us should we have no or insufficient working capital to fund the costs and expenses of our dissolution and liquidation.
  Interest on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to us in connection with our completion of a business combination.
89
Table of Contents
  Terms of Our Offering
  Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business
  Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.
  The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
Trading of securities issued
  The units are expected to begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless the representatives of the underwriters in this offering inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly, and no later than four business days, after the closing of this offering. If the over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option.
  No trading of the units or the underlying common stock and warrants would be permitted until the completion of a business combination.
During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
Exercise of the warrants
  The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
  The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account.
Election to remain an investor
  We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. We may not be required by law or stock exchange
  A prospectus containing information pertaining to the business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post-effective amendment to the company’s registration statement, to decide if it elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of its investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of
90
Table of Contents
  Terms of Our Offering
  Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
    listing requirements to hold a stockholder vote. If we are not required by law or stock exchange listing requirements and do not otherwise decide to hold a stockholder vote, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, we hold a stockholder vote, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the business combination (or such greater number as may be required by applicable law or the rules of any applicable national securities exchange) are voted in favor of the business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
  the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the securities are issued.
Business combination deadline
  If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to
  If an acquisition has not been completed within 18 months after the effective date of the company’s registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors.
91
Table of Contents
  Terms of Our Offering
  Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
    receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
    Release of funds
  Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, if any, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination; and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
  The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
Tendering stock certificates in connection with redemption rights
  If we hold a stockholder meeting to approve a proposed business combination, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination. The proxy materials that we will furnish to
  Many blank check companies provide that a stockholder can vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating that such stockholder is seeking to exercise its redemption rights. After the business combination is approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for delivery of its stock certificates to verify ownership.
92
Table of Contents
  Terms of Our Offering
  Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
    holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our proxy materials until up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights.
    Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding more than 15% of the shares issued in this offering if we hold a stockholder vote
  If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming any Excess Shares. However, we would not restrict our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
  Many blank check companies provide no restrictions on the ability of stockholders to redeem shares based on the number of shares held by such stockholders in connection with an initial business combination.
Competition
In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.
Facilities
Our executive offices are located at 4801 Main Street, Suite 1000, Kansas City, MO 64112. The cost for our use of any office space used by us, including this space, is included in the $10,000 per month fee we will pay to our sponsor or its affiliates for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
Employees
We currently have three executive officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will
93
Table of Contents
devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Periodic Reporting and Financial Information
We will register our units, common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.
We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th; and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.
94
Table of Contents
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equalled or exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th.
Legal Proceedings
There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus.
95
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT
Directors and Executive Officers
Our directors and executive officers are as follows:
Name
  Age
  Position
Paul Dalglish
  62
  Director
Michael Hoffman
  70
  President
Christopher Jarratt
  62
  Director and Chair
Ken Manget
  59
  Chief Financial Officer
Ian Robertson
  61
  Director and Chief Executive Officer
Robert Schaefer
  54
  Director
Brad Sparkes
  49
  Director
Paul Dalglish, one of our founders, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since our formation. He has also served on the Boards of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I since May 2020 and Northern Genesis Acquisition II since October 2020. Mr. Dalglish is an experienced operations and information technology executive, specializing in the design and delivery of systems providing operational excellence. Mr. Dalglish brings experience in the delivery of technology-enabled transformations with international clients and has led large global employee and contractor teams. He has led business development and contract negotiation teams for large outsourcing contracts. Since June 2019, Mr. Dalglish has served as Vice President of Operations for JANA Corporation, a utility services company providing risk assessment programs to the North American natural gas industry. From 2016 to August 2019, Mr. Dalglish served as President of Hibernia Solutions Inc., a provider of pre- and post-acquisition support to utilities and utility-related companies. From 2008 to 2015, Mr. Dalglish was with Serco Canada Inc., a multi-national government outsourcing company, initially serving as a Managing Director of its subsidiary Serco-DES Inc. and later serving as its President. Previously, Mr. Dalglish focused on the acquisition and integration of new businesses on behalf of Accenture’s utility outsourcing business. Mr. Dalglish previously served on the Board of Directors and Audit Committee for AirSource Power Fund I LP, a publicly listed renewable energy company and currently sits on the Boards of several not-for-profit organizations. Mr. Dalglish has been accredited as a Chartered Director by McMaster University, holds a Professional Engineer designation through his Bachelor of Science from the University of Waterloo and has been awarded a Master of Business Administration from the University of Western Ontario. We believe Mr. Dalglish is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his business experience and contacts and relationships.
Michael Hoffman, one of our founders, has served as our President since our formation. Mr. Hoffman is an active senior business professional. Mr. Hoffman has served as the President of Northern Genesis Acquisition II since October 2020 and Northern Genesis Acquisition I since August 2020. He is the founder of Stone Capital Partners, a private financing firm focused on energy infrastructure in North America and globally. Prior to founding Stone Capital Partners in 2018, Mr. Hoffman was a partner at Riverstone Holdings, a multi-billion private equity firm, from 2003 through 2018 where he was head of Riverstone’s Renewable Energy Funds and led the teams responsible for conventional power and energy investments. He has more than 30 years of experience in the origination and execution of global infrastructure investment and is committed to the concept of sustainable investing. From 1988 through 2003, Mr. Hoffman was Senior Managing Director and Head of the Mergers & Acquisitions advisory business of The Blackstone Group where he was a member of the Private Equity Investment Committee and the firm’s Executive Committee. Prior to Blackstone, Mr. Hoffman was Co-Head of Mergers & Acquisitions at Smith Barney & Co. Mr. Hoffman is Chairman of the Board of Annovis Bio, Inc., an Alzheimer’s development company. He also serves on the Board of Rockefeller University. He received a BA and an MA from Northwestern University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He is a co-author of the book, “GREEN: Your Place in the New Energy Revolution.”
Christopher Jarratt, one of our founders, has served as a member of our Board of Directors and Chair since our formation. Mr. Jarratt served on the Board of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition II since November 2020. Mr. Jarratt is an active senior business professional having co-founded Algonquin Power Corporation (the predecessor to Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp.) in 1988 and serving as Executive Vice Chair for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. from October 2009 through November 2020 and director from October 2009 through October 2020. Mr. Jarratt brings more than 30 years of experience in the origination, development and operations
96
Table of Contents
of global infrastructure investment initiatives and is committed to the concept of best of class governance and sustainable investing. Mr. Jarratt previously served on the Board of Directors of Atlantica Sustainable Infrastructure plc (NASDAQ: AY), a publicly listed affiliate of Algonquin traded on the NASDAQ exchange. Mr. Jarratt is a professional engineer and holds an engineering degree from the University of Guelph. In addition, Mr. Jarratt holds the designation of Chartered Director from McMaster University. We believe Mr. Jarratt is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his business experience and contacts and relationships.
Ken Manget, one of our founders, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our formation. He has also served as the Chief Financial Officer and on the Board of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I since June 2020 and Chief Financial Officer of Northern Genesis Acquisition II since October 2020. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. Manget served as Global Head, Relationship Investing at the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan where he ran teams in Hong Kong, London and Toronto, and was responsible for a diversified portfolio of pre-IPO, public and private equity investments. After leaving Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan, he has been active as a private investor and director of companies. From 2009 to 2014, Mr. Manget served as Head of Investment Banking at Desjardins Capital Markets. He started his career at Schlumberger, Inc. as a Field Engineer in Latin America. His finance background includes positions at: Salomon Brothers in London and New York (from 1986 to 1988), and at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto (from 1992 to 2009) where he had exposure to a broad range of capital markets/investment banking activities including: mergers & acquisitions, equities, fixed income, derivatives and securitization. Mr. Manget is a past board member of St. Joseph’s Health Centre Foundation, the Heart and Stroke Foundation, is currently a member of the Board of the Canadian Ditchley Foundation, and serves an alumnus volunteer for Harvard University. He also currently serves on the Board of NASDAQ listed Organigram Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: OIG) where he is a member of the audit, compensation and investment committees. He holds a Mechanical Engineering degree from the University of Toronto, a M.B.A from the Harvard Business School, and an ICD.D designation granted by the Institute of Corporate Directors, at the University of Toronto.
Ian Robertson, one of our founders, has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since our formation. He has also served as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I since June 2020 and as its Chief Executive Officer and secretary since August 2020. Mr. Robertson has served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition II since October 2020. Mr. Robertson is an active senior business professional and currently leads InfraStar Investments, an infrastructure investment fund management company. Mr. Robertson co-founded APCI in 1988 and previously served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. from October 2009 through July 2020. During his leadership tenure, Algonquin grew to become one of Canada’s largest power and utilities companies, serving regulated electricity, natural gas and water utility customers in the United States and Canada and owning and operating a large portfolio of global renewable wind and solar powered generation capacity. He has more than 30 years of experience in the origination and execution of global infrastructure investment initiatives and is committed to the concept of sustainable investing. Mr. Robertson previously served on the Board of Directors of Atlantica Sustainable Infrastructure plc (NASDAQ: AY), a publicly listed affiliate of Algonquin traded on the NASDAQ exchange. Mr. Robertson received an electrical engineering degree from the University of Waterloo, a Master of Business Administration from York University, and a Master of Law from the Law School of the University of Toronto. He is a professional engineer and holds a Chartered Financial Analyst designation. We believe Mr. Robertson is well-qualified to serve as our Chief Executive Officer and on our board of directors due to his business experience and contacts and relationships.
Robert Schaefer, one of our founders, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since our formation. He has also served on the Boards of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I since June 2020 and Northern Genesis Acquisition II since October 2020. Mr. Schaefer is an active business professional. Since 2017, he has served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Ascendant Group Limited, the parent of Bermuda Electric Company. Mr. Schaefer is an executive with a track record of repositioning and growing businesses through his experience leading business units, undertaking mergers and acquisitions and completing finance transactions in Bermuda, Canada, U.S. and Europe. Mr. Schaefer has been responsible for significant capital deployment in growth investments, negotiation of long-term contract restructurings and company sales and acquisitions. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Schaefer led the strategic restructuring of Maxim Power Corp. including the successful divestiture of European and US power businesses. From 2008 through 2015, Mr. Schaefer was responsible for TransAlta Corporation’s energy marketing business unit and business development activities. Mr. Schaefer holds
97
Table of Contents
a Bachelors of Commerce from the University of Calgary and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Alberta and Bermuda. We believe Mr. Schaefer is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his business experience and contacts and relationships.
Brad Sparkes, one of our founders, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since our formation. He has also served on the Boards of Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition I since June 2020 and Northern Genesis Acquisition II since October 2020. Mr. Sparkes is an active senior business professional. He co-founded and has served as President and Chief Executive Officer for BowArk Energy Ltd, a wind energy developer, since September 2003. Since its inception, BowArk has successfully developed a number of renewable energy projects across Canada. Mr. Sparkes previously held the position of Chief Financial Officer and Director for AirSource Power Fund LP which successfully completed the construction of the St. Leon Wind Energy Facility. Prior to BowArk, Mr. Sparkes gained extensive experience in developing and financing power projects across North America. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Sparkes was Director of Business Development of Calpine Canada where he led its acquisitions and development team focusing on the natural gas-fired energy sector successfully developing and financing a number of projects in the North American energy sector. Prior to joining Calpine, he was a member of TransAlta Energy Corporation’s business development team from 1996 to 2000, also focusing on natural gas-fired energy sector in Canada. Mr. Sparkes holds an Engineering degree from the University of Calgary. We believe Mr. Sparkes is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his business experience and contacts and relationships.
Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors
We will have five (5) directors upon completion of this offering. Our board of directors will be divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a two-year term. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Dalglish, Schaefer and Sparkes, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Robertson and Jarratt, will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders.
Our officers are elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate.
Director Independence
NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that Messrs. Dalglish, Schaefer and Sparkes are independent directors under NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.
Executive Officer and Director Compensation
To the date hereof, none of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. However, commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will pay our sponsor or its affiliate a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We expect to make payments, up to $2,000,000 in the aggregate, in respect of the services of personnel affiliated with our sponsor, or reimbursement of affiliates of our sponsor for the use of personnel for services related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. To the extent any amounts are in respect of the services of individuals who also serve as directors or executive officers of our company, such amounts will be reviewed and approved by our audit committee. Our sponsor, officers, directors and any of their respective affiliates will also be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our independent directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made, directly or indirectly, to our sponsor, officers, directors or any of their affiliates.
98
Table of Contents
After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid, directly or indirectly, to our executive officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors.
We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
Committees of the Board of Directors
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our board of directors will have three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee. The rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act generally require that these committees be comprised solely of independent directors.
Audit Committee
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Schaefer, Dalglish and Sparkes will serve as members of our audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Schaefer qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules.
We will adopt an audit committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the audit committee, including:
•        the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;
•        pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures;
•        reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;
•        setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm;
•        setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
•        obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm’s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;
99
Table of Contents
•        reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and
•        reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.
Compensation Committee
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Dalglish and Sparkes will serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent.
We will adopt a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
•        reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our executive officers’ compensation, evaluating our executive officers’ performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our executive officers based on such evaluation;
•        reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;
•        implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
•        assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
•        approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;
•        producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
•        reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC.
Nominating Committee
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish a nominating committee of the board of directors. The members of our nominating committee will be Messrs. Schaefer and Dalglish. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the nominating committee, all of whom must be independent. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others.
Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees
The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated:
•        should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;
100
Table of Contents
•        should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and
•        should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders.
The Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons.
Code of Ethics
Prior to the effectiveness of this registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information.”
Conflicts of Interest
Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Northern Genesis and our sponsor and directors and officers may sponsor, invest in or otherwise become involved with other companies, including blank check companies similar to ours, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event that there is overlap among investment mandates and management teams.
Subject to their fiduciary duties under the DGCL, none of the members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and that otherwise would be reasonable for us to pursue.
Our directors and officers presently have, and any of them in the future may have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she then has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. In addition, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under the DGCL, he or she otherwise may choose to present such opportunities to such other entities before he or she presents such opportunities to us. Such other entities may include current or future entities affiliated with or managed by Northern Genesis or third parties.
Without limiting the foregoing, all of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to Northern Genesis and/or to certain companies in which it has invested or may invest, by reason of his or her position with such company. These entities, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, may compete with
101
Table of Contents
us for acquisition opportunities. The current focus of each of Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, and our company’s initial expected focus, is on target opportunities making a positive contribution to sustainability through the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure. If Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) or Northern Genesis Acquisition II decides to pursue any specific opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunity.
Pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement between Northern Genesis Acquisition I and The Lion Electric Company, the members of our management team will not present any new business combination opportunities to Northern Genesis Acquisition I. However, if Northern Genesis Acquisition I’s business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated, members of our management team will continue to have fiduciary duties and obligations to present to Northern Genesis Acquisition I potential business combination opportunities that are presented to them specifically in their capacity as an officer or director of Northern Genesis Acquisition I or which are determined by such director or officer to be suitable for Northern Genesis Acquisition I. Additionally, upon consummation of the business combination with The Lion Electric Company, it is anticipated that Mr. Robertson (our Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors) and Mr. Jarratt (a member of our board of directors and our Board Chair) will serve on the board of directors of The Lion Electric Company and will have fiduciary obligations to The Lion Electric Company.
Members of our management team performing similar roles for Northern Genesis Acquisition II also have and will continue to have contractual and fiduciary duties and obligations to Northern Genesis Acquisition II, including with respect to business combination opportunities. In particular, our directors and officers have fiduciary and contractual obligations to present to Northern Genesis Acquisition II potential business combination opportunities that are presented to them specifically in their capacity as an officer or director of Northern Genesis Acquisition II or which are determined, by such director or officer in his or her professional judgment, to be suitable for Northern Genesis Acquisition II. However, Northern Genesis Acquisition II has raised substantially greater funds than we expect to raise pursuant to this offering, and we have been advised that the board of directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition II has determined that a combination with a particular target generally will not be suitable to Northern Genesis Acquisition II if the cash needed for the acquisition and near-term expansion of the target’s business is less than the $414 million currently held in trust by Northern Genesis Acquisition II.
We do not believe that any potential conflicts of interest will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. We believe any conflicts of interest with Northern Genesis Acquisition I (if its business combination agreement with The Lion Electric Company is terminated) and Northern Genesis Acquisition II will be significantly mitigated by the fact that we expect to raise a substantially lower amount of capital than either of such entities and, as a result, we expect to be able to more efficiently compete for and effectuate a business combination in which the cash needed for the acquisition and near-term expansion of the target’s business is less than the cash currently held in trust by Northern Genesis Acquisition I (approximately $319 million) and by Northern Genesis Acquisition II (approximately $414 million).
In addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and are engaged in other business activities, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying and evaluating potential business combinations for us or other entities. In addition to obligations to various other third parties, our directors and officers currently have time and attention duties in relation to Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, and in the future may have time and attention duties in relation to other entities that at such time are affiliated with or managed by Northern Genesis.
To the extent any conflict of interest arises between our company, on the one hand, and other entities affiliated with Northern Genesis, our sponsor, or any of our officers or directors, including Northern Genesis Acquisition I and Northern Genesis Acquisition II, such conflicts of interest will be resolved by Northern Genesis, our sponsor, or such officers or directors in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing fiduciary, contractual or other duties, and there can be no assurance that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor.
102
Table of Contents
Below is a table summarizing additional entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties:
Individual
  Entity
  Entity’s Business
  Affiliation
Paul Dalglish
  JANA Corporation
  Utility services company
  Vice President of Operations
Michael Hoffman
  Stone Capital Partners
  Renewable power investment platform
  Founder
Christopher Jarratt
  Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp.
  Power and utilities company
  Former Director and Vice Chair
Ken Manget
  Organigram Holdings Inc.
  Producer of cannabis and cannabis-derived products in Canada
  Director
Ian Robertson
  InfraStar Investments
  Infrastructure investment fund management
  Investment Fund Head
    Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp.
  Power and utilities company
  Former Director and Chief Executive Officer
Robert Schaefer
  Ascendant Group Limited
  Diversified utility
  Chief Financial Officer
Brad Sparkes
  BowArk Energy Ltd
  Wind energy developer
  President and Chief Executive Officer
Potential investors also should be aware that our sponsor and officers and directors have certain interests that are different from, or in addition to, those of our securityholders generally, or that, in the case of an officer or director, may by their nature compete or conflict with his or her duties as an officer or director of the company, including the following:
•        None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs.
•        The sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000 for 4,312,500 founder shares (562,500 of which are subject to proportional forfeiture in the event that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option in full), and concurrent with this offering will purchase 3,166,667 (or 3,466,667 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($4,750,000 in the aggregate or $5,200,000 in the aggregate if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), which are not subject to redemption unless transferred other than to a permitted transferee.
•        The sponsor or any of our officers and directors may loan funds to us for working capital purposes and to fund transaction costs in connection with a business combination, which loans may be uncollectible if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering, and which loans can be converted at the option of the lender into warrants, at $1.50 per warrant, that are not subject to redemption unless transferred other than to a permitted transferee.
•        The sponsor has agreed to waive redemption rights with respect to any founder shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering. As a result, the founder shares, as well as the private placement warrants and working capital warrants, will be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period.
•        Northern Genesis Capital III LLC, an entity which is affiliated with our sponsor, and members of our sponsor may be offered the opportunity to purchase up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) forward purchase units, consisting of one share of our common stock and one-eighth of forward purchase warrants, for $10.00 per unit or (ii) forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination.
103
Table of Contents
•        Our officers and directors may have or may acquire direct or indirect personal financial interests in our common stock or warrants, including an indirect financial interest in founder shares, private placement warrants, working capital warrants, and forward purchase securities, as well as direct or indirect interests in our public shares or public warrants.
•        We may reimburse the sponsor or its affiliates may be reimbursed up to $2,000,000 in the aggregate in respect of the services of personnel for services related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination, and we will reimburse our sponsor or its affiliates for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to members of our management team, in an amount equal to $10,000 per month. In addition, the sponsor and our officers and directors will be reimbursed by us for out of pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf.
•        If the trust account is liquidated, including in the event that we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering, the sponsor has agreed to indemnify us against certain claims to the extent that they may reduce the amounts in the trust account to an aggregate amount that is less than $10.00 per public share,
•        Our officers and directors may be offered or be denied opportunities to continue as an officer or director in connection with a particular business combination.
Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL.
We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, provided that such officers and directors will thereunder waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and not to seek recourse against the trust account, with respect to such indemnification. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will obtain a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.
These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
We believe that these provisions, the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
104
Table of Contents
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our common stock included in the units offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of units in this offering, by:
•        each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock;
•        each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and
•        all our executive officers and directors as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus.
The post-offering ownership percentage column below assumes that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option, that 562,500 founder shares have been forfeited as a result thereof and that there are 18,750,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding after this offering.
  Prior to the Offering
  Following the Offering(2)
    Number of shares of common stock(2)
  Percentage of outstanding common stock
  Number of shares of commons stock
  Percentage of outstanding common stock
Directors and Executive Officers(1)
                    Paul Dalglish(2)
  —
  —
    —
  —
  Michael Hoffman(2)
  —
  —
    —
  —
  Christopher Jarratt(2)
  4,312,500
  100.0
%
  3,750,000
  20.0
%
Ken Manget(2)
  —
  —
    —
  —
  Ian Robertson(2)
  4,312,500
  100.0
%
  3,750,000
  20.0
%
Robert Schaefer(2)
  —
  —
    —
  —
  Brad Sparkes(2)
  —
  —
    —
  —
  All directors and executive officers as a group (seven persons)
  4,312,500
  100.0
%
  3,750,000
  20.0
%
Greater than 5% Beneficial Owners(1)
                    Northern Genesis Sponsor III LLC
  4,312,500
  100.0
%
  3,750,000
  20.0
%
____________
(1)      Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 4801 Main Street, Suite 1000, Kansas City, MO 64112.
(2)      Northern Genesis Sponsor III LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of these shares. Messrs. Robertson and Jarratt, together with other individuals, shall serve as Managing Members of our sponsor and accordingly shall exercise voting and dispositive power over such shares. Our other directors and executive officers are also members of our sponsor but shall not have voting or dispositive control over any of the shares held by the sponsor and accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares.
Immediately after this offering, our sponsor will beneficially own 20% of our then-issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital, or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our common stock so as to maintain the ownership of our sponsor at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions, including approval of our initial business combination.
Our sponsor has agreed, pursuant to a written agreement, that it will purchase an aggregate of 3,166,667 (or 3,466,667 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($4,750,000 in the aggregate or $5,200,000 in the aggregate if the over-allotment option is exercised in
105
Table of Contents
full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. The purchase price of the private placement warrants will be added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the trust account pending our completion of our business combination. If we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. The private placement warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering.
The holders of the founder shares have agreed to vote any founder shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, and not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior thereto.
Our sponsor and our executive officers are deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.
Transfers of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants
The founder shares, private placement warrants, working capital warrants, and any shares of common stock issued upon exercise of the private placement warrants or working capital warrants are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreements with us to be entered into by our sponsor, officers and directors.
Those lock-up provisions provide, subject to certain exceptions, that title to such securities cannot be transferred: (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (a) one year after the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (c) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property; and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants, working capital warrants, and the common stock underlying such warrants, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
The foregoing restrictions on transfer do not apply to any transfer: (a) to our sponsor, officers or directors, or to any permitted transferee of any of the foregoing; (b) in the case of an individual, to any immediate family member, to certain family or charitable trusts, to any entity that is directly or indirectly controlled by any one or a combination of the foregoing, to any individual or entity by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, or to any permitted transferee of any of the foregoing; or (c) in the case of any entity, to any securityholder, partner, member or affiliate of such entity, to any person or entity in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction of such entity’s organization and such entity’s organizational documents upon dissolution of the entity, or to any permitted transferee of any of the foregoing; provided, however, that in each case these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions except to the extent that we may agree otherwise following our initial business combination. In addition, the foregoing restrictions on transfer do not apply: (i) following our initial business combination, to any bona fide hypothecation or pledge of or other grant of a security interest as security for indebtedness, and any transfer as a result of enforcement of rights and remedies thereunder; or (ii) any transfer to effectuate any stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change, or the exercise or conversion of any options, warrants or other convertible securities.
106
Table of Contents
Registration Rights
Our sponsor, as the holder of the founder shares and the private placement warrants, the forward purchase investors, and their respective permitted transferees will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. These holders will be entitled to make up to four demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have “piggy-back” registration rights to include such securities in other registration statements filed by us and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements.
107
Table of Contents
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
In January 2021, our sponsor paid $25,000 to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 4,312,500 founder shares. Up to 562,500 founder shares held by our sponsor are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised.
If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our common stock so as to maintain the ownership of founder shares by our sponsor at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon the consummation of this offering.
Our sponsor has, pursuant to a written agreement, agreed that it will purchase an aggregate of 3,166,667 (or 3,466,667 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants for a purchase price of $1.50 per warrant in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. Title to the private placement warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) cannot, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will pay our sponsor or its affiliate a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We expect to make payments, up to $2,000,000 in the aggregate, in respect of the services of personnel affiliated with our sponsor, or reimburse affiliates of our sponsor for the use of personnel for services related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. To the extent any amounts are in respect of the services of individuals who also serve as directors or executive officers of our company, such amounts will be reviewed and approved by our audit committee. Our sponsor, officers and directors or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to these persons and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
On January 13, 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to $150,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2021, the closing of this offering or the abandonment of this offering. These loans will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $750,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. As of January 13, 2021, our sponsor had loaned us $5,000 under the unsecured promissory note.
We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
In addition, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest basis. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $3,000,000 of such loans may be converted into working capital warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
108
Table of Contents
furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation.
We expect to enter into the forward purchase agreement pursuant to which, if we determine to raise capital by issuing equity securities in connection with the closing of our initial business combination, we may offer to the members of Northern Genesis Capital III LLC, which is an affiliate of our sponsor, the right to purchase, subject to certain conditions, up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. The proceeds from any sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, to pay expenses in connection with our initial business combination, or for capital needs of the post-transaction company.
Prior to or on the effective date of this offering, we will enter into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants, working capital warrants (if any), and forward purchase securities (if any), which is described under the heading “Principal Stockholders — Registration Rights.”
Related Party Policy
We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy.
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will adopt a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics that we plan to adopt upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.
In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we will adopt upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter that we plan to adopt upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.
These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer.
109
Table of Contents
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that will be in effect upon consummation of this offering, our authorized capital stock will consist of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, $0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
Units
Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one whole share of common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of one or more warrants, the total number of shares of common stock that the holder of such warrants would be entitled to receive includes a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the total number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. As a result, warrant holders would need to sell any warrants that otherwise would result in a fractional interest in order to obtain value from the fractional interest that will not be issued.
The units are expected to begin trading promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless the representatives of the underwriters in this offering inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of common stock and warrants.
Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination.
In no event will the common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes this audited balance sheet promptly, and no later than four business days, after the completion of this offering. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
Common Stock
Upon the closing of this offering, 18,750,000 shares of our common stock will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of 562,500 founder shares), consisting of:
•        15,000,000 shares of our common stock underlying the units being offered in this offering; and
•        3,750,000 founder shares.
If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our common stock so as to maintain the ownership of founder shares by our sponsor at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon the consummation of this offering.
Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our
110
Table of Contents
shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.
Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination.
In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first full fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required by law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the business combination (or such greater number as may be required by applicable law or the rules of any applicable national securities exchange) are voted in favor of the initial business combination.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination.
111
Table of Contents
Our stockholders’ inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold its Excess Shares and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to the founder shares, we would need 5,625,001, or approximately 37.5%, of the 15,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised). Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph).
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if they acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period.
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.
Founder Shares
The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination or any amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior thereto, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (1) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (2) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
112
Table of Contents
any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within such time period and (iii) they have certain registration rights. If we submit our business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination.
With certain limited exceptions, title to the founder shares cannot be transferred until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, and (iii) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Preferred Stock
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and will provide that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering.
Warrants
Public Stockholders’ Warrants
Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of one or more warrants, the total number of shares of common stock that the holder of such warrants would be entitled to receive includes a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the total number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. As a result, warrant holders would need to sell any warrants that otherwise would result in a fractional interest in order to obtain value from the fractional interest that will not be issued.
The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of common stock underlying such unit.
113
Table of Contents
We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption:
•        in whole and not in part;
•        at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
•        upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”) to each warrant holder; and
•        if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of common stock and equity-linked securities as described herein) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
We will not redeem the warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common stock may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the $11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.
If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant, including the holders of the private placement warrants, to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the “fair market value” in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants
114
Table of Contents
after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, the holders of the private placement warrants and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below.
A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person’s affiliates), to the warrant agent’s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.
If the number of outstanding shares of common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in determining the price payable for common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.
In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of shares of common stock on account of such shares (or other shares of common stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of common stock in respect of such event.
If the number of outstanding shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of common stock.
Whenever the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.
In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account
115
Table of Contents
any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant.
The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants.
The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.
One or more warrants may be exercised, in the aggregate, only for a whole number of shares of common stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of any warrants. If, upon exercise of one or more warrants, the total number of shares of common stock that the holder of such warrants would be entitled to receive includes a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the total number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. As a result, warrant holders would need to sell any warrants that otherwise would result in a fractional interest in order to obtain value from the fractional interest that will not be issued.
Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants
Title to the private placement warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants”) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of
116
Table of Contents
the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering.
If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers and permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.
In order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest basis. Up to $3,000,000 of such loans may be converted into working capital warrants, at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Any working capital warrants will be subject to the same terms as the private placement warrants.
Forward Purchase Securities
We expect to enter into the forward purchase agreement pursuant to which, if we determine to raise capital by issuing equity securities in connection with the closing of our initial business combination, we may offer the forward purchase investors the first right to purchase up to an aggregate maximum amount of $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. Whether we would offer forward purchase units for $10.00 per unit or forward purchase shares for $9.75 per share to the forward purchase investors would be determined at our election, and in our sole discretion, at the time of such offer. The forward purchase warrants would have the same terms as the public warrants and the forward purchase shares would be identical to the shares of our common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights, as described herein.
The forward purchase securities would be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and would be “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act. If, in the future, a forward purchase investor decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer its forward purchase securities, such securities may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only pursuant to: (a) registration under the Securities Act or (b) an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Dividends
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back
117
Table of Contents
to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our common stock so as to maintain the ownership of our sponsor at 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering (excluding any public shares purchased by them).
Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent
The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and as warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, director nominees, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity.
Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least a majority of our outstanding common stock. Our sponsor, who will beneficially own 20% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that:
•        if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;
•        prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to: (i) receive funds from the trust account; or (ii) vote on any initial business combination;
•        if we enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;
•        if a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;
•        our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;
118
Table of Contents
•        if our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination and certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (b) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and
•        we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination.
Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
We will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a “business combination” with:
•        a stockholder who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an “interested stockholder”);
•        an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or
•        an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.
A “business combination” includes a merger or sale of more than 10% of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:
•        our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an “interested stockholder,” prior to the date of the transaction;
•        after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or
•        on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our board of directors will be classified into two classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings.
Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.
119
Table of Contents
Exclusive Forum Selection
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel.
This choice of forum provision may make it more costly, or limit a stockholder’s ability, to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. We cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Special Meeting of Stockholders
Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our chief executive officer or by our chairman, if any.
Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations
Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be received by the secretary to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 60th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 90th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.
Securities Eligible for Future Sale
Immediately after the consummation of this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) we will have 18,750,000 (or 21,562,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 15,000,000 shares (or 17,250,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 3,750,000 (or 4,312,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares and all 3,166,667 (or 3,466,667 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in
120
Table of Contents
private transactions not involving a public offering, and the founder shares and private placement warrants are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in this prospectus. These restricted securities will be subject to registration rights as more fully described below under “— Registration Rights.”
Upon the closing of the sale of the forward purchase securities (if any), all forward purchase securities (which may consist of up to 4,000,000 units (each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one-eighth of one warrant) or up to 4,102,564 shares of common stock) would be restricted securities under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. These restricted securities would be subject to registration rights as more fully described below under “— Registration Rights.”
Rule 144
Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.
Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:
•        1% of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 187,500 shares immediately after this offering (or 215,625 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or
•        the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:
•        the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
•        the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
•        the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and
•        at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
As a result, our sponsor and holders of private placement warrants will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.
121
Table of Contents
Registration Rights
The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants, any working capital warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, and any forward purchase securities that may be issued upon our initial business combination (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants, working capital warrants, or forward purchase warrants) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to four demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Listing of Securities
We intend to apply to have our units, common stock and warrants listed on the NYSE under the symbols “NGC.U,” “NGC” and “NGC.WS,” respectively. Following the date the shares of our common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares of our common stock and warrants will be listed separately and as a unit on the NYSE.
122
Table of Contents
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations generally applicable to the ownership and disposition of our units, shares of common stock and warrants, which we refer to collectively as our securities. Because the components of a unit are separable at the option of the holder, the holder of a unit generally should be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as the owner of the underlying common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant components of the unit, as the case may be. As a result, the discussion below with respect to actual holders of common stock and warrants should also apply to holders of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying common stock and warrants that comprise the units). This discussion applies only to securities that are held as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is applicable only to holders who purchased units in this offering.
This discussion is a summary only and does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, including but not limited to the alternative minimum tax, the Medicare tax on certain investment income and the different consequences that may apply if you are subject to special rules that apply to certain types of investors, including but not limited to:
•        financial institutions or financial services entities;
•        broker-dealers;
•        governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof;
•        regulated investment companies;
•        real estate investment trusts;
•        expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States;
•        persons that actually or constructively own five percent or more of our voting shares;
•        insurance companies;
•        dealers or traders subject to a mark-to-market method of accounting with respect to the securities;
•        persons holding the securities as part of a “straddle,” hedge, integrated transaction or similar transaction;
•        U.S. holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;
•        partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any beneficial owners of such entities; and
•        tax-exempt entities.
If a partnership (including an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds our securities, the tax treatment of a partner, member or other beneficial owner in such partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner, member or other beneficial owner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner, member or other beneficial owner level. If you are a partner, member or other beneficial owner of a partnership holding our securities, you are urged to consult your tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of our securities.
This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations as of the date hereof, which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis, and changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this prospectus may affect the tax consequences described herein. This discussion does not address any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. taxation, or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes (such as gift and estate taxes).
We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the IRS as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the discussion herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will
123
Table of Contents
not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion. You are urged to consult your tax advisor with respect to the application of U.S. federal tax laws to your particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign jurisdiction.
Personal Holding Company Status
We could be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company, or PHC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50% of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents).
Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50% of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not be a PHC following this offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20%, on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments.
Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit
No statutory, administrative or judicial authority directly addresses the treatment of a unit or instruments similar to a unit for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. The acquisition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the acquisition of one share of our common stock and one-quarter of one warrant to acquire one share of our common stock. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit must allocate the purchase price paid by such holder for such unit between the one share of common stock and the one-quarter of one warrant based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. Under U.S. federal income tax law, each investor must make his or her own determination of such value based on all the relevant facts and circumstances. Therefore, we strongly urge each investor to consult his or her tax advisor regarding the determination of value for these purposes. The price allocated to each share of common stock and the one-quarter of one warrant should be the stockholder’s tax basis in such share or one-quarter of one warrant, as the case may be. Any disposition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a disposition of the share of common stock and one-quarter of one warrant comprising the unit, and the amount realized on the disposition should be allocated between the common stock and the one-quarter of one warrant based on their respective relative fair market values (as determined by each such unit holder on all the relevant facts and circumstances) at the time of disposition. The separation of shares of common stock and warrants comprising units should not be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The foregoing treatment of the shares of common stock and warrants and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult its own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit). The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
124
Table of Contents
U.S. Holders
This section applies to you if you are a “U.S. holder.” A U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of our units, shares of common stock or warrants who or that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
•        an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;
•        a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
•        an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or
•        a trust, if (i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons (as defined in the Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States person.
Taxation of Distributions.    If we pay distributions in cash or other property (other than certain distributions of our stock or rights to acquire our stock) to U.S. holders of shares of our common stock, such distributions generally will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will constitute a return of capital that will be applied against and reduce (but not below zero) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in our common stock. Any remaining excess will be treated as gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the common stock and will be treated as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants” below.
Dividends we pay to a U.S. holder that is a taxable corporation generally will qualify for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding period is satisfied. With certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations), and provided certain holding period requirements are met, dividends we pay to a non-corporate U.S. holder generally will constitute “qualified dividends” that will be subject to tax at preferential long-term capital gains rates. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the common stock described in this prospectus may prevent a U.S. holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements with respect to the dividends received deduction or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income, as the case may be. If the holding period requirements are not satisfied, then a corporation may not be able to qualify for the dividends received deduction and would have taxable income equal to the entire dividend amount, and non-corporate holders may be subject to tax on such dividend at regular ordinary income tax rates instead of the preferential rate that applies to qualified dividend income.
Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants.    Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our common stock or warrants which, in general, would include a redemption of common stock or warrants that is treated as a sale of such securities as described below, and including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period, a U.S. holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the common stock or warrants. Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder’s holding period for the common stock or warrants so disposed of exceeds one year. It is unclear, however, whether the redemption rights with respect to the common stock described in this prospectus may suspend the running of the applicable holding period for this purpose. If the running of the holding period for the common stock is suspended, then non-corporate U.S. holders may not be able to satisfy the one-year holding period requirement for long-term capital gain treatment, in which case any gain on a sale or taxable disposition of the shares or warrants would be subject to short-term capital gain treatment and would be taxed at regular ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. holders will be eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Generally, the amount of gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder is an amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition (or, if the common stock or warrants are held as part of units at the time of the disposition, the portion of the amount realized on such disposition that is allocated to the common stock or the warrants based upon the then fair market values of
125
Table of Contents
the common stock and the warrants included in the units) and (ii) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its common stock or warrants so disposed of. A U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its common stock or warrants generally will equal the U.S. holder’s acquisition cost (that is, as discussed above, the portion of the purchase price of a unit allocated to a share of common stock or one-quarter of one warrant or, as discussed below, the U.S. holder’s initial basis for common stock received upon exercise of warrants) less, in the case of a share of common stock, any prior distributions treated as a return of capital.
Redemption of Common Stock.    In the event that a U.S. holder’s common stock is redeemed pursuant to the redemption provisions described in this prospectus under the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Common Stock” or if we purchase a U.S. holder’s common stock in an open market transaction (each of which we refer to as a “redemption”), the treatment of the transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on whether the redemption qualifies as a sale of the common stock under Section 302 of the Code. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of common stock, the U.S. holder will be treated as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants” above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of common stock, the U.S. holder will be treated as receiving a corporate distribution with the tax consequences described above under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions”. Whether a redemption qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares of our stock treated as held by the U.S. holder (including any stock constructively owned by the U.S. holder as a result of owning warrants) relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after the redemption. The redemption of common stock generally will be treated as a sale of the common stock (rather than as a corporate distribution) if the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to the U.S. holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of the U.S. holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to the U.S. holder. These tests are explained more fully below.
In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. holder takes into account not only stock actually owned by the U.S. holder, but also shares of our stock that are constructively owned by it. A U.S. holder may constructively own, in addition to stock owned directly, stock owned by certain related individuals and entities in which the U.S. holder has an interest or that have an interest in such U.S. holder, as well as any stock the U.S. holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include common stock which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of the warrants. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately following the redemption of common stock must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately before the redemption. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. holder’s interest if either (i) all of the shares of our stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder are redeemed or (ii) all of the shares of our stock actually owned by the U.S. holder are redeemed and the U.S. holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of stock owned by certain family members and the U.S. holder does not constructively own any other shares of our stock. The redemption of the common stock will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if the redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of the U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances.
However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority stockholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” A U.S. holder should consult with its own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of a redemption.
If none of the foregoing tests is satisfied, then the redemption will be treated as a corporate distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis of the U.S. holder in the redeemed common stock will be added to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its remaining stock, or, if it has none, to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its warrants or possibly in other stock constructively owned by it.
Exercise Lapse or Redemption of a Warrant.    Except as discussed below with respect to the cashless exercise of a warrant, a U.S. holder generally will not recognize taxable gain or loss on the acquisition of common stock upon exercise of a warrant for cash. The U.S. holder’s tax basis in the share of our common stock received upon exercise of the warrant generally will be an amount equal to the sum of the U.S. holder’s initial investment in the warrant
126
Table of Contents
(i.e., the portion of the U.S. holder’s purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price. It is unclear whether the U.S. holder’s holding period for the common stock received upon exercise of the warrants will begin on the date following the date of exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrants; in either case, the holding period will not include the period during which the U.S. holder held the warrants. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the warrant.
The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the exercise is not a realization event or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either tax-free situation, a U.S. holder’s basis in the common stock received would equal the holder’s basis in the warrants exercised therefor. If the cashless exercise were treated as not being a realization event, it is unclear whether a U.S. holder’s holding period in the common stock would be treated as commencing on the date following the date of exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrants. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the common stock would include the holding period of the warrants exercised therefor.
It is also possible that a cashless exercise could be treated in whole or in part as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a U.S. holder could be deemed to have surrendered a number of warrants having an aggregate fair market value equal to the exercise price for the total number of warrants to be exercised.
The U.S. holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the common stock received in respect of the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. holder’s tax basis in such warrants. Such gain or loss would be long-term or short-term, depending on the U.S. holder’s holding period in the warrants deemed surrendered. In this case, a U.S. holder’s tax basis in the common stock received would equal the sum of the U.S. holder’s initial investment in the warrants exercised (i.e., the portion of the U.S. holder’s purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price of such warrants. It is unclear whether a U.S. holder’s holding period for the common stock would commence on the date following the date of exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrant; in either case, the holding period would not include the period during which the U.S. holder held the warrant. There may also be alternative characterizations of any such taxable exchange that would result in similar tax consequences, except that a U.S. Holder’s gain or loss would be short-term.
Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, including when a U.S. holder’s holding period would commence with respect to the common stock received, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise.
Possible Constructive Distributions.    The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares of common stock for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants.” An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. The U.S. holders of the warrants would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment to the number of such shares or to such exercise price increases the warrant holders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of shares of common stock that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease in the exercise price of the warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property, such as other securities, to the holders of shares of our common stock, or as a result of the issuance of a stock dividend to holders of shares of our common stock, in each case which is taxable to the U.S. holders of such shares as a distribution. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax in the same manner as if the U.S. holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest resulting from the adjustment. For certain information reporting purposes, we are required to determine the date and amount of any such constructive distributions. Proposed Treasury regulations, which we may rely on prior to the issuance of final regulations, specify how the date and amount of constructive distributions are determined.
127
Table of Contents
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding.    In general, information reporting requirements may apply to dividends paid to you and to the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of our units, shares of common stock and warrants, unless you are an exempt recipient. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if you fail to provide a taxpayer identification number or a certification of exempt status or you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding (and that notification has not been withdrawn).
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
Non-U.S. Holders
This section applies to you if you are a “Non-U.S. holder.” As used herein, the term “Non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of our units, common stock or warrants who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
•        a non-resident alien individual (other than certain former citizens and residents of the United States subject to U.S. tax as expatriates);
•        a foreign corporation or
•        an estate or trust that is not a U.S. holder;
but generally does not include an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition. If you are such an individual, you should consult your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or sale or other disposition of our securities.
Taxation of Distributions.    In general, any distributions (including constructive distributions) we make to a Non-U.S. holder of shares of our common stock, to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, provided such dividends are not effectively connected with the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States, we will be required to withhold tax from the gross amount of the dividend at a rate of 30%, unless such Non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable income tax treaty and provides proper certification of its eligibility for such reduced rate (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E). In the case of any constructive dividend, it is possible that this tax would be withheld from any amount owed to a Non-U.S. holder by the applicable withholding agent, including cash distributions on other property or sales proceeds from warrants or other property subsequently paid or credited to such holder. Any distribution not constituting a dividend will be treated first as reducing (but not below zero) the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our common stock and, to the extent such distribution exceeds the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis, as gain realized from the sale or other disposition of the common stock, which will be treated as described under “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants” below. In addition, if we determine that we are classified as a “United States real property holding corporation” (see “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants” below), we will withhold 15% of any distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits.
The withholding tax does not apply to dividends paid to a Non-U.S. holder who provides a Form W-8ECI, certifying that the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States. Instead, the effectively connected dividends will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States resident, subject to an applicable income tax treaty providing otherwise. A Non-U.S. corporation receiving effectively connected dividends may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” imposed at a rate of 30% (or a lower applicable treaty rate).
Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants.    A Non-U.S. holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax in respect of gain recognized on a sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of our common stock, which would include a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or warrants (including an expiration or redemption of our warrants), in each case without regard to whether those securities were held as part of a unit, unless:
128
Table of Contents
•        the gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the Non-U.S. holder within the United States (and, under certain income tax treaties, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the Non-U.S. holder); or
•        we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of disposition or the period that the Non-U.S. holder held our common stock, and, in the case where shares of our common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market, the Non-U.S. holder has owned, directly or constructively, more than 5% of our common stock at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the disposition or such Non-U.S. holder’s holding period for the shares of our common stock. There can be no assurance that our common stock will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for this purpose.
Unless an applicable treaty provides otherwise, gain described in the first bullet point above will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States resident. Any gains described in the first bullet point above of a Non-U.S. holder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate (or lower treaty rate).
If the second bullet point above applies to a Non-U.S. holder, gain recognized by such holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition of our common stock or warrants will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of our common stock or warrants from such holder may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 15% of the amount realized upon such disposition. We cannot determine whether we will be a United States real property holding corporation in the future until we complete an initial business combination. We will be classified as a United States real property holding corporation if the fair market value of our “United States real property interests” equals or exceeds 50 percent of the sum of the fair market value of our worldwide real property interests plus our other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Redemption of Common Stock.    The characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of a Non-U.S. holder’s common stock generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of such a redemption of a U.S. holder’s common stock, as described under “U.S. Holders — Redemption of Common Stock” above, and the consequences of the redemption to the Non-U.S. holder will be as described above under “Non-U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions” and “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants,” as applicable.
Exercise or Redemption of a Warrant.    The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a Non-U.S. holder’s exercise of a warrant, or the lapse of a warrant held by a Non-U.S. holder, generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the exercise or lapse of a warrant by a U.S. holder, as described under “U.S. holders — Exercise, Lapse or Redemption of a Warrant” above, although to the extent a cashless exercise results in a taxable exchange, the consequences would be similar to those described above in “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants.”
Possible Constructive Distributions.    The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares of common stock for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants.” An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. The Non-U.S. holders of the warrants would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment to the number of such shares or to such exercise price increases the warrantholders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of shares of common stock that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease in the exercise price of the warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property, such as other securities, to the holders of shares of our common stock, or as a result of the issuance of a stock dividend to holders of shares of our common stock, in each case which is taxable to the holders of such shares as a distribution. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest resulting from the adjustment.
129
Table of Contents
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding.    Information returns will be filed with the IRS in connection with payments of dividends and the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our units, shares of common stock and warrants. A Non-U.S. holder may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that it is not a United States person in order to avoid information reporting and backup withholding requirements. The certification procedures required to claim a reduced rate of withholding under a treaty generally will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid the backup withholding as well.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a Non-holder will be allowed as a credit against such holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
All Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of information reporting and backup withholding to them.
FATCA Withholding Taxes.    Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance promulgated thereunder (commonly referred as the “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” or “FATCA”) generally impose withholding at a rate of 30% in certain circumstances on dividends in respect of our securities which are held by or through certain foreign financial institutions (including investment funds), unless any such institution (1) enters into, and complies with, an agreement with the IRS to report, on an annual basis, information with respect to interests in, and accounts maintained by, the institution that are owned by certain U.S. persons and by certain non-U.S. entities that are wholly or partially owned by U.S. persons and to withhold on certain payments, or (2) if required under an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country, reports such information to its local tax authority, which will exchange such information with the U.S. authorities. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country may modify these requirements. Accordingly, the entity through which our securities are held will affect the determination of whether such withholding is required. Similarly, dividends in respect of our securities held by an investor that is a non-financial non-U.S. entity that does not qualify under certain exceptions will generally be subject to withholding at a rate of 30%, unless such entity either (1) certifies to us or the applicable withholding agent that such entity does not have any “substantial United States owners” or (2) provides certain information regarding the entity’s “substantial United States owners,” which will in turn be provided to the U.S. Department of Treasury. All prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in our securities.
130
Table of Contents
UNDERWRITING
Under the terms and subject to the conditions contained in an underwriting agreement dated as of the date of this prospectus, the underwriters named below, for whom Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC are acting as representatives, have severally agreed to purchase from us on a firm commitment basis the following respective numbers of units:
Underwriters
  Number of 
Units
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
    Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
    TD Securities (USA) LLC
    Total
  15,000,000
The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the units included in this offering are subject to approval of legal matters by counsel and to other conditions. The underwriters are obligated to purchase all the units in this offering if any are purchased, other than those units covered by the over-allotment option described below.
We have granted to the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase on a pro rata basis up to 2,250,000 additional units at the initial public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The option may be exercised only to cover any over-allotments of units. To the extent the option is exercised, the underwriters must purchase a number of additional units approximately proportionate to their initial purchase commitment. Any units issued or sold under the option will be issued and sold on the same terms and conditions as the other units that are the subject of this offering.
The underwriters propose to offer the units initially at the public offering price on the cover page of this prospectus. Certain of the underwriters may offer and sell the units through one or more of their respective affiliates or selling agents. If all of the units are not sold at the initial offering price, the underwriters may change the offering price and the other selling terms. The representatives have advised us that the underwriters do not intend to make sales to discretionary accounts.
The following table shows the underwriting discounts and commissions that we will pay to the underwriters. These amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units.
  No exercise
  Full exercise
Per Unit(1)
  $
0.55
  $
0.55
Total(1)
  $
8,250,000
  $
9,487,500
____________
(1)      Includes $0.35 per unit, or $5,250,000 (or $6,037,500 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) in the aggregate payable to the representatives of the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein and released to the representatives of the underwriters only upon the consummation of an initial business combination.
We estimate that our out-of-pocket expenses for this offering will be approximately $750,000. We have agreed to pay for the FINRA-related fees and expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel, not to exceed $15,000, and the costs of investigative background searches on our officers and directors named in the “Management” section of this prospectus, up to $28,000 in the aggregate, all of which are included in the $750,000 expense amount.
The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, including any accrued interest thereon, held in the trust account if we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering (or such later date as may be approved by stockholders) and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of the public shares.
We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities, including civil liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make because of any of those liabilities.
131
Table of Contents
We have agreed that we will not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the representatives of the underwriters for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus, any units, warrants, shares of common stock or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, shares of common stock; provided, however, that we may (1) issue and sell the private placement warrants, incur up to $3,000,000 of working capital indebtedness that is convertible into working capital warrants, and issue working capital warrants in satisfaction of such indebtedness, (2) issue and sell the additional units to cover our underwriters’ over-allotment option (if any), (3) register with the SEC pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, the resale of the founder shares, private placement warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and any working capital warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans and shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such working capital warrants and any forward purchase securities and any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of forward purchase warrants, and (4) issue securities (including the forward purchase securities) in connection with our initial business combination. The representatives of the underwriters, in their sole discretion, may release any of the securities subject to these lock-up agreements at any time without notice.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer title to any of the founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) if, subsequent to our business combination, the last sale price of the common stock (x) equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants”). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares.
Title to the private placement warrants and working capital warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants or working capital warrants) will not be transferable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants”).
We intend to apply to have our units, common stock and warrants listed on the NYSE under the symbols “NGC.U,” “NGC” and “NGC.WS,” respectively. Following the date our common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that our common stock and warrants will be listed separately and as a unit on the NYSE.
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our securities. Consequently, the initial public offering price for the units was determined by negotiations between us and the representatives. The determination of our per unit offering price was more arbitrary than would typically be the case if we were an operating company. Among the factors considered in determining initial public offering price were the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies, prior offerings of those companies, our management, our capital structure, and currently prevailing general conditions in equity securities markets, including current market valuations of publicly traded companies considered comparable to our company. We cannot assure you, however, that the price at which the units, common stock or warrants will sell in the public market after this offering will not be lower than the initial public offering price or that an active trading market in our units, common stock or warrants will develop and continue after this offering.
In connection with this offering, the underwriters may purchase and sell units in the open market. Purchases and sales in the open market may include short sales, purchases to cover short positions, which may include purchases pursuant to the option to purchase additional units, and stabilizing purchases.
•        Short sales involve secondary market sales by the underwriters of a greater number of units than it is required to purchase in this offering.
•        “Covered” short sales are sales of units in an amount up to the number of units represented by the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units.
132
Table of Contents
•        “Naked” short sales are sales of units in an amount in excess of the number of units represented by the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units.
•        Covering transactions involve purchases of units either pursuant to the option to purchase additional units or in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions.
•        To close a naked short position, the underwriters must purchase units in the open market after the distribution has been completed. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering.
•        To close a covered short position, the underwriters must purchase units in the open market after the distribution has been completed or must exercise the option to purchase additional units. In determining the source of units to close the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the option to purchase additional units.
•        Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase units so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum.
Purchases to cover short positions and stabilizing purchases, as well as other purchases by the underwriters for their own accounts, may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the units. They may also cause the price of the units to be higher than the price that would otherwise exist in the open market in the absence of these transactions. The underwriters may conduct these transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. If the underwriters commence any of these transactions, they may discontinue them at any time.
We are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, but we may do so at our discretion. However, any of the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses, provide financial advisory services to us in connection with a business combination or assist us in raising additional capital in the future, including by acting as a placement agent in a private offering or underwriting or arranging debt financing. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering and we may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination. Any fees we may pay the underwriters or their affiliates for services rendered to us after this offering may be contingent on the completion of a business combination and may include non-cash compensation. The underwriters or their affiliates that provide these services to us may have a potential conflict of interest given that the underwriters are entitled to the deferred portion of their underwriting compensation for this offering only if an initial business combination is completed within the specified timeframe.
Some of the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with us or our affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
133
Table of Contents
Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia
No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), in relation to this offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”), and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act.
Any offer in Australia of the securities may only be made to persons (the “Exempt Investors”) who are “sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the securities without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.
The securities applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of allotment under this offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring securities must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions.
This prospectus contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Canada
The securities may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre
This document relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Markets Rules 2012 of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This document is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Markets Rules 2012 of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no responsibility for this document. The securities to which this document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorized financial advisor.
134
Table of Contents
In relation to its use in the DIFC, this document is strictly private and confidential and is being distributed to a limited number of investors and must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. The interests in the securities may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to the public in the DIFC.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), no securities have been offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to the public in that Relevant State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that offers of the securities may be made to the public in that Relevant State at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
(a)     to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation;
(b)    to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representatives for any such offer; or
(c)     in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of the securities shall require us or any representatives to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to the securities in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any securities, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom
No securities have been offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to the public in the United Kingdom prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the securities which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, except that it may make an offer to the public in the United Kingdom of any securities at any time:
(a)     to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation;
(b)    to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representatives for any such offer; or
(c)     in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of the securities shall require us or any of our representatives to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to the securities in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any securities and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the expression “FSMA” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
135
Table of Contents
Notice to Prospective Investors in France
Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the securities described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or by the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and notified to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.
The securities have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the securities has been or will be:
•        released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or
•        used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the securities to the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only:
•        to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article L.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier;
•        to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or
•        in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2-II-1°-or-2°-or 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public à l’épargne).
The securities may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong
The securities have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) of Hong Kong and any rules made thereunder; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong) (the “CO”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the CO. No advertisement, invitation or document relating to the securities has been or may be issued or has been or may be in the possession of any person for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan
The securities have not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act. Accordingly, none of the securities nor any interest therein may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any “resident” of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan in effect at the relevant time.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore
This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the securities be offered
136
Table of Contents
or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)     a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)    a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(a)     to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(b)    where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(c)     where the transfer is by operation of law;
(d)    as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(e)     as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Notification under Section 309B(1) of the SFA — The securities shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland
The securities may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of, and has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the securities or this offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to this offering, the Company, the securities have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of securities will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of securities has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of securities.
137
Table of Contents
LEGAL MATTERS
Husch Blackwell LLP, Kansas City, Missouri has passed upon the validity of the securities offered hereby on behalf of us. Certain legal matters will be passed upon on behalf of the underwriters by Goodwin Procter LLP, New York, New York.
EXPERTS
The financial statements of Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III as of January 13, 2021, and for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through January 13, 2021, included in this Prospectus have been audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such report given upon such firm as experts in auditing and accounting.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.
Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
138
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
  F-2
Balance Sheet
  F-3
Statement of Operations
  F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity
  F-5
Statement of Cash Flows
  F-6
Notes to Financial Statements
  F-7
F-1
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholder and the Board of
Directors of Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III (the “Company”) as of January 13, 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through January 13, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 13, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through January 13, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Explanatory Paragraph — Going Concern
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company’s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon its completion of the proposed initial public offering described in Note 3 to the financial statements. The Company had a working capital deficit and lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might become necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ Marcum LLP
Marcum LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020.
New York, NY
January 29, 2021
F-2
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
BALANCE SHEET
JANUARY 13, 2021
ASSETS
        Deferred offering costs
  $
30,000
  TOTAL ASSETS
  $
30,000
            LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
        Current liabilities
        Accrued expenses
  $
1,000
  Promissory note – related party
    5,000
  Total Current Liabilities
    6,000
            Commitments
                  Stockholder’s Equity
        Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    —
  Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 4,312,500 shares issued and outstanding(1)
    431
  Additional paid-in capital
    24,569
  Accumulated deficit
    (1,000
)
Total Stockholder’s Equity
    24,000
  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
  $
30,000
  ____________
(1)      Includes up to 562,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5).
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-3
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 11, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH JANUARY 13, 2021
Formation costs
  $
1,000
  Net Loss
  $
(1,000
)
          Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted(1)
    3,750,000
            Basic and diluted net loss per common share
  $
(0.00
)
____________
(1)      Excludes an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5).
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-4
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 11, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH JANUARY 13, 2021
 
Common Stock
  Additional
Paid-in
Capital
  Accumulated
Deficit
  Total
Stockholder’s
Equity
    Shares
  Amount
  Balance – January 11, 2021 (inception)
  —
  $
—
  $
—
  $
—
    $
—
  Issuance of common stock to Sponsor(1)
  4,312,500
    431
    24,569
    —
      25,000
  Net loss
  —
    —
    —
    (1,000
)
    (1,000
)
Balance – January 13, 2021
  4,312,500
  $
431
  $
24,569
  $
(1,000
)
  $
24,000
  ____________
(1)      Includes 562,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5).
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-5
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 11, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH JANUARY 13, 2021
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
        Net loss
  $
(1,000
)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
        Accrued expenses
    1,000
  Net cash used in operating activities
    —
            Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
        Proceeds from promissory note – related party
    5,000
  Payment of offering costs
    (5,000
)
Net cash provided by operating activities
    —
            Net Change in Cash
    —
  Cash – Beginning
    —
  Cash – Ending
  $
—
            Non-cash investing and financing activities:
        Deferred offering costs paid directly by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of common stock to Sponsor
  $
25,000
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-6
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1 — Description of Organization and Business Operations
Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on January 11, 2021. The Company is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the “Business Combination”). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to initially concentrate on target businesses making a positive contribution to sustainability through the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure.
The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.
As of January 13, 2021, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through January 13, 2021 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering (“Proposed Public Offering”), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Proposed Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.
The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a Proposed Public Offering of 15,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”) at $10.00 per Unit (or 17,250,000 Units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), which is discussed in Note 3, and the sale of 3,166,667 warrants (or 3,466,667 warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised on full) (the “Private Placement Warrants”) at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company’s sponsor, Northern Genesis Sponsor III LLC (the “Sponsor”), that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Public Offering.
The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete a Business Combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. The Company intends to only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least $10.00 per Unit sold in the Proposed Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”), located in the United States and held as cash or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account, as described below.
The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
F-7
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1 — Description of Organization and Business Operations (cont.)
released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.”
The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, if a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the business combination (or such greater number as may be required by applicable law or the rules of any applicable national securities exchange) are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company.
The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors will agree (a) to waive redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company’s initial Business Combination and certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provisions that specifically apply only to the period prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment.
The Company will have until 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and stockholders do not approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend this date, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
F-8
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1 — Description of Organization and Business Operations (cont.)
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
The holders of the Founder Shares will agree to waive liquidation rights with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Proposed Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Proposed Public Offering price per Unit ($10.00).
In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor will agree to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.00 per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay the Company’s tax obligation and up to $100,000 for liquidation excepts, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account (even if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
Going Concern Consideration
At January 13, 2021, the Company had no cash and a working capital deficit of $6,000. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through a Proposed Public Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Risks and Uncertainties
Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations, close of the Proposed Public Offering, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
F-9
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Emerging Growth Company
The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
Cash and cash equivalents
The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of January 13, 2021.
Deferred Offering Costs
Deferred offering costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Public Offering and that will be charged to stockholder’s equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering. Should the Proposed Public Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to be incurred, will be charged to operations.
F-10
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.)
Income Taxes
The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of January 13, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.
The provision for income taxes was deemed to be de minimis for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through January 13, 2021.
Net Loss Per Common Share
Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 562,500 shares of common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 7). At January 13, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.
Recent Accounting Standards
Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.
Note 3 — Public Offering
Pursuant to the Proposed Public Offering, the Company intends to offer for sale 15,000,000 Units (or 17,250,000 Units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one share of common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7).
F-11
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 4 — Private Placement
The Sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 3,166,667 Private Placement Warrants (or 3,466,667 Private Placement Warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full) at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $4,750,000, or $5,200,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full, from the Company in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be added to the net proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.
Note 5 — Related Party Transactions
Founder Shares
On January 13, 2021, the Sponsor paid $25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration of 4,312,500 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Founder Shares”). The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up 562,500 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Public Offering).
The Sponsor will agree, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer title to any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Promissory Note — Related Party
On January 11, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $150,000, of which $5,000 was outstanding under the Promissory Note as of January 13, 2021. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021, (ii) the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering or (iii) the abandonment of the Proposed Public Offering.
Related Party Loans
In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company’s officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $3,000,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant (“Working Capital Warrants”). Such Working Capital Warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
F-12
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 6 — Commitments
Forward Purchase Agreement
The Company expects to enter into a forward purchase agreement (the “Forward Purchase Agreement”) with Northern Genesis Capital III LLC, an entity which is affiliated with the Company’s Sponsor, pursuant to which, if the Company determines to raise capital by issuing equity securities in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination, the Company may offer to the members of Northern Genesis Capital III LLC (the “forward purchase investors”)the right to purchase, subject to certain conditions, an aggregate maximum amount of up to $75,000,000 of either (i) a number of units (the “Forward Purchase Units”), consisting of one share of common stock (the “Forward Purchase Shares”) and one-eighth of one redeemable warrant (the “Forward Purchase Warrants”), for $10.00 per unit or (ii) a number of Forward Purchase Shares for $9.75 per share (such Forward Purchase Shares or Forward Purchase Units, as the case may be, the “Forward Purchase Securities”), in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of the initial Business Combination. The Forward Purchase Warrants would have the same terms as the Public Warrants and the Forward Purchase Shares would be identical to the shares of common stock included in the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except the Forward Purchase Shares and the Forward Purchase Warrants would be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights. The funds from the sale of the Forward Purchase Securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business Combination, to pay expenses in connection with an initial Business Combination, and for the capital needs of the post-transaction company. The forward purchase transaction, if any, would not be dependent upon or affected by the percentage of stockholders electing to redeem their Public Shares and may provide the Company with an increased minimum funding level for the initial Business Combination. The forward purchase transaction is at the discretion of the Company and is subject to conditions, including one or more forward purchase investors confirming their commitment to purchase forward purchase securities and the amount thereof no later than fifteen days after the Company notifies Northern Genesis Capital III LLC of a proposed Business Combination and of the Company’s intention to raise capital through the issuance of equity securities under the Forward Purchase Agreement in connection with the closing of such Business Combination. Each forward purchase investor may grant or withhold its confirmation entirely within its sole discretion, and if a forward purchase investor does not confirm its commitment at such time, it will not be obligated and will not have the right to purchase any of the forward purchase securities.
Registration Rights
The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, Working Capital Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans, and Forward Purchase Securities that may be issued under the Forward Purchase Agreement (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, Working Capital Warrants, or Forward Purchase Warrants) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to four demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company’s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Underwriting Agreement
The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the Proposed Public Offering to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Proposed Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
F-13
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 6 — Commitments (cont.)
The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 2.0% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $3,000,000 (or up to $3,450,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full). In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $5,250,000 (or up to $6,037,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full). The deferred fee will be payable in cash to the underwriters solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.
Note 7 — Stockholder’s Equity
Preferred Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. At January 13, 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding
Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. At January 13, 2021, there were 4,312,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock after the Proposed Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Public Offering).
Warrants — Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares of common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants.
The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company’s common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants:
•        in whole and not in part;
•        at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
•        upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and
F-14
Table of Contents
NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 7 — Stockholder’s Equity (cont.)
•        if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders
If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement.
The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.
In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the common stock during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day prior the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
The Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units to be sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants, Working Capital Warrants, and the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants cannot be transferred until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If any Private Placement Warrants or Working Capital Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, such Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
Note 8 — Subsequent Events
The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.
F-15
Table of Contents
  $150,000,000
Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III
15,000,000 Units
___________________
PROSPECTUS
                   , 2021
___________________
Joint Book-Running Managers
Morgan Stanley
Wells Fargo Securities
TD Securities
Until              , 2021 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
  Table of Contents
PART II
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows:
SEC expenses
  $
19,000
FINRA expenses
    26,000
Accounting fees and expenses
    40,000
Printing and engraving expenses
    40,000
Travel and road show expenses
    20,000
Legal fees and expenses
    200,000
Director & Officer liability insurance premiums(1)
    350,000
NYSE listing and filing fees
    45,000
Miscellaneous
    10,000
Total
  $
750,000
____________
(1)      This amount represents the approximate amount of annual director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following the completion of its initial public offering and until it completes a business combination.
Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
Our certificate of incorporation provides that all directors, officers, employees and agents of the registrant shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below.
“Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance.
(a)     A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful.
(b)    A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner
II-1
Table of Contents
the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
(c)     To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith.
(d)    Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders.
(e)     Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate.
(f)     The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.
(g)    A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section.
(h)    For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
II-2
Table of Contents
(i)     For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section.
(j)     The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
(k)    The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).”
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
Paragraph B of Article Eighth of our certificate of incorporation provides:
“The Corporation, to the full extent permitted by Section 145 of the GCL, as amended from time to time, shall indemnify all persons whom it may indemnify pursuant thereto. Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which such officer or director may be entitled to indemnification hereunder shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized hereby.”
Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act.
Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
(a)     During the past three years, we sold the following shares of common stock without registration under the Securities Act:
Stockholders
  Number of
Shares
Northern Genesis Sponsor III LLC
  4,312,500
Such shares were issued in January 2021 in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as the shares were sold to an accredited investor. The shares issued were sold for an aggregate offering price of $25,000 at an average purchase price of approximately $0.006 per share.
II-3
Table of Contents
The Company’s sponsor has also committed that it will purchase 3,166,667 warrants at $1.50 per private placement warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of $4,750,000), or 3,466,667 (for $5,200,000) if the underwriter’s option to purchase additional units is exercised in full. This purchase will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a)     The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement:
Exhibit No.
  Description
1.1
  Form of Underwriting Agreement*
3.1
  Certificate of Incorporation
3.2
  Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation*
3.3
  Bylaws
4.1
  Specimen Unit Certificate*
4.2
  Specimen Common Stock Certificate*
4.3
  Specimen Warrant Certificate*
4.4
  Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant*
5.1
  Opinion of Husch Blackwell LLP*
10.1
  Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant’s sponsor, officers and directors*
10.2
  Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant*
10.3
  Promissory Note
10.4
  Form of Registration Rights Agreement*
10.5
  Form of Subscription Agreement for Private Placement Warrants*
10.6
  Form of Administrative Services Agreement*
10.7
  Form of Indemnification Agreement*
10.8
  Form of Forward Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Northern Genesis Capital III LLC*
10.9
  Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and the Registrant’s sponsor for the Founder Shares
14
  Code of Ethics*
23.1
  Consent of Marcum LLP
23.2
  Consent of Husch Blackwell LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)*
24
  Power of Attorney (included on signature page to the initial filing of this Registration Statement)
99.1
  Audit Committee Charter*
99.2
  Compensation Committee Charter*
99.3
  Nominating Committee Charter*
____________
*        To be subsequently filed.
II-4
Table of Contents
Item 17. Undertakings.
(a)     The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
(b)    Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
(c)     The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
(1)    For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
(2)    For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
II-5
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Oakville, Ontario, Canada, on the 17th day of February, 2021.
  NORTHERN GENESIS ACQUISITION CORP. III
    BY:
  /s/ Ian Robertson
        Name:  Ian Robertson
        Title:    Chief Executive Officer
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Ian Robertson and Ken Manget his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and re-substitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments including pre- and post-effective amendments to this registration statement, any subsequent registration statement for the same offering which may be filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and pre- or post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Name
  Position
  Date
/s/ Paul Dalglish
  Director
  February 17, 2021
Paul Dalglish
        /s/ Ian Robertson
  Director and Chief Executive Officer
  February 17, 2021
Ian Robertson
  (Principal Executive Officer)
    /s/ Christopher Jarratt
  Director and Chair
  February 17, 2021
Christopher Jarratt
        /s/ Ken Manget
  Chief Financial Officer
  February 17, 2021
Ken Manget
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
    /s/ Robert Schaefer
  Director
  February 17, 2021
Robert Schaefer
        /s/ Brad Sparkes
  Director
  February 17, 2021
Brad Sparkes
        II-6