S-1 1 tm2026203-3_s1.htm S-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2021
Registration No. 333-
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM S-1
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
Research Alliance Corp. II
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
6770
(Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)
85-2019822
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
3172 North Rainbow Blvd. #1278
Las Vegas, NV 89108
(617) 778.2500
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
Peter Kolchinsky
3172 North Rainbow Blvd. #1278
Las Vegas, NV 89108
(617) 778.2500
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
Copies to:
Jocelyn M. Arel
Daniel J. Espinoza
Michael J. Rosenberg
Goodwin Procter LLP
100 Northern Avenue
Boston, Massachusetts 02210
Tel: (617) 570-1000
Fax: (617) 523-1231
Sarah Reed
3172 North Rainbow Blvd. #1278
Las Vegas, NV 89108
Tel: (617) 778-2500
Joel L. Rubinstein
Daniel E. Nussen
White & Case LLP
1221 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10020
Tel: (212) 819-8200
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public:
As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box:   ☐
If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.   ☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.   ☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.   ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer   ☐ Accelerated filer   ☐ Non-accelerated filer   ☒
Smaller reporting company   ☒
Emerging growth company   ☒
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act.   ☐
CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF SECURITIES
TO BE REGISTERED
AMOUNT
BEING
REGISTERED
PROPOSED
MAXIMUM
OFFERING
PRICE PER
SECURITY(1)
PROPOSED
MAXIMUM
AGGREGATE
OFFERING
PRICE(1)
AMOUNT OF
REGISTRATION FEE
Shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value(2)
14,950,000 $ 10.00 $ 149,500,000 $ 19,406
(1)
Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act.
(2)
Pursuant to Rule 416(a), there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from share splits, share capitalizations or similar transactions.
The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MARCH 2, 2021
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
$130,000,000
Research Alliance Corp. II
13,000,000 Shares of Class A Common Stock
Research Alliance Corp. II is a newly organized blank check company incorporated in Delaware and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as our initial business combination. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target.
This is the initial public offering of our shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which we refer to as our public shares, at an initial public offering price per share of $10.00. The underwriters have a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 1,950,000 additional shares of our Class A common stock to cover over-allotments, if any. Unlike other SPAC IPOs, investors in this offering will not receive warrants that would become exercisable following completion of our initial business combination.
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account described below as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem 100% of the public shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and certain conditions as further described herein.
Our sponsor, Research Alliance Holdings II LLC, has agreed to purchase 460,000 shares of Class A common stock (or 499,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per share in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of $4,600,000 (or $4,990,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. These shares of Class A common stock, which we refer to as the private placement shares, are identical to the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus.
Our sponsor has indicated an interest to purchase an aggregate of $30,000,000 of shares of our common stock in a private placement that would occur concurrently with the consummation of our initial business combination. The capital from such private placement would be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, and any excess capital from such private placement would be used for working capital in the post-transaction company. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our sponsor may determine not to purchase any such shares, or to purchase fewer shares than it has indicated an interest in purchasing. We are not under any obligation to sell any such shares. Such investment would be made on terms and conditions determined at the time of the business combination.
Currently, there is no public market for our Class A common stock. We intend to apply to have our Class A common stock listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “RACB” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our Class A common stock will be approved for listing on Nasdaq.
We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 26 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
PER SHARE
TOTAL
Public offering price
$ 10.00 $ 130,000,000
Underwriting discounts and commissions(1)
$ 0.55 $ 7,150,000
Proceeds, before expenses, to us
$ 9.45 $ 122,850,000
(1)
Includes $0.35 per share, or $4,550,000 in the aggregate (or $5,232,500 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein and released to the underwriters only upon the consummation of an initial business combination. See also “Underwriting” beginning on page 111 for a description of compensation and other items of value payable to the underwriters.
Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares described in this prospectus, $130,000,000, or $149,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per public share in either case), will be deposited into a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee.
The underwriters are offering the shares of our Class A common stock for sale on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the shares to the purchasers on or about                 , 2021.
Sole Book-Running Manager
Jefferies
, 2021
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Table of Contents
PAGE
Summary
1
Summary Financial Data
25
Risk Factors
26
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
50
Use of Proceeds
51
Dividend Policy
54
Dilution
55
Capitalization
57
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
58
Proposed Business
62
Management
85
Principal Stockholders
93
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
95
Description of Shares
97
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations
105
Underwriting
111
Legal Matters
118
Experts
118
Where You Can Find Additional Information
119
Index to Financial Statements
F-1
We are responsible for the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information, and we take no responsibility for any other information others may give to you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus.
 
i
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
SUMMARY
This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. Before investing, you should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus or the context otherwise requires, references to:
▪
“Affiliated Joint Acquisition” means an initial business combination opportunity we pursue jointly with our sponsor, RA Capital or one or more of its affiliates and/or investors.
▪
“common stock” are to our shares of Class A common stock and our shares of Class B common stock;
▪
“equity-linked securities” are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A common stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including, but not limited to, a private placement of equity or debt;
▪
“founders” are to Peter Kolchinsky, Ph.D., Tess Cameron and Matthew Hammond, Ph.D., senior members of the investment team of RA Capital.
▪
“founder shares” are to shares of our Class B common stock initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to this offering and the Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of Class B common stock will not be “public shares”);
▪
“management” or “our management team” are to our executive officers and directors;
▪
“private placement shares” are to the shares of Class A common stock to be issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any;
▪
“public shares” are to our shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market);
▪
“RA Capital” are to RA Capital Management, L.P., an affiliate of our sponsor;
▪
“sponsor” are to Research Alliance Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which is owned and controlled by RA Capital;
▪
“stockholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor’s and each member of our management team’s status as a “stockholder” will only exist with respect to such public shares; and
▪
“we,” “us,” “company” or “our company” are to Research Alliance Corp. II, a Delaware corporation.
Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.
General
We are a newly organized blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 17, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination.
While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that complement our management team’s background, and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business, focusing on the healthcare industry, with an emphasis on the biotechnology sector where our management has extensive investment experience.
 
1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Our Founders
Our sponsor is an affiliate of RA Capital, a leading life sciences focused investment firm with over $7 billion of regulatory assets under management as of December 31, 2020. Since its launch in 2002, RA Capital has focused exclusively on the healthcare industry. Peter Kolchinsky, PhD, our founding Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, founded RA Capital, where he is a Managing Partner. Matthew Hammond, PhD, our founding Chief Investment Officer and Director and Tess Cameron, our founding Chief Financial Officer and Director, are Principals on the investment team at RA Capital.
RA Capital’s investment activity is focused on identifying both private and public companies in the healthcare and life science sectors that are developing drugs, medical devices, and diagnostics. The team at RA Capital consists of over 100 professionals including 37 who hold PhD and/or MD degrees. RA Capital’s deep bench enables its substantial search and evaluation efforts. Last year alone, RA Capital met with over 1,000 private companies and over 400 public companies, and it is keeping up this pace (by video and telephone conference) even while its employees are working from home. RA Capital’s deep scientific expertise is brought to bear in its TechAtlas team, charged with mapping out competitive landscapes in therapeutic areas of interest and providing the investment team and portfolio companies with strategic intelligence, market research, and other resources for due diligence. The TechAtlas maps contextualize expansive and complex data sets and competitive landscapes, allowing RA Capital’s investment team to act quickly when opportunities arise. By way of example, in 2020, RA Capital invested in several companies working on potential treatments for COVID-19, based on insights generated from its COVID-19 map. In assessing valuation and business viability of potential investments, RA Capital leverages its extensive proprietary databases and case studies covering basic scientific analyses, clinical trial designs and outcome measures, partnership structures, public market dynamics, and other factors.
RA Capital invests across the capital structure and throughout a company’s growth cycle, which provides access to a broad universe of management teams and companies seeking flexible capital solutions. RA Capital was one of the first public-oriented investors participating in pre-IPO financing rounds, now commonly referred to as “crossovers.” RA Capital has been one of the most active participants in crossover financings since this model for pre-IPO financing became prominent in 2012.
In April 2020, RA Capital incorporated Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. d/b/a Research Alliance Corp. I ‘‘Therapeutics Acquisition Corp’’), a blank check company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Peter Kolchinsky is the current Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors and Matthew Hammond is the current Chief Financial Officer and a director of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. completed its initial public offering in July 2020, in which it sold 13,570,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, for an offering price of  $10.00 per share, generating aggregate proceeds of  $135,700,000. Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. is currently evaluating opportunities to conduct its initial business combination.
Since 2012, RA Capital has invested over $2.1 billion in 174 private companies, of which more than $1 billion was invested since January 2020. 78 of these private companies have gone on to become public or have been acquired, including Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:BDTX), Eidos Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq:EIDX; acquired by BridgeBio Pharma), Everest Medicines Ltd (Hong Kong: 1952), Forma Therapeutics (Nasdaq:FMTX), iTeos Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:ITOS), Inhibrx Inc. (Nasdaq:INBX), Kinnate Biopharma Inc. (Nasdaq:KNTE), Peloton Therapeutics, Inc. (acquired by Merck & Co.), Phathom Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:PHAT), Ra Pharmaceuticals (formerly Nasdaq:RARX; acquired by UCB), Satsuma Pharmaceuticals Inc (Nasdaq:STSA),Synthorx, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq:THOR; acquired by Sanofi), Vaxcyte, Inc. (Nasdaq:PCVX), Vor Biopharma Inc. (Nasdaq:VOR) and many others. According to Silicon Valley Bank’s Healthcare Investments and Exits report for 2021, RA Capital was the most active new investor in U.S. and European biopharmaceutical deals from 2019 to 2020. If one compares the initial offering price and the price on February 19, 2021 on an aggregate basis for all (30) RA Capital private company investments that went public between January 1, 2019 and February 19, 2021, on average, they doubled (with only 5 of the 30 dropping below their IPO price).
Our Board of Directors and Management
Peter Kolchinsky, PhD, our board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, has more than 18 years of experience in healthcare investing, and is the Founder of and a Managing Partner at RA Capital. He is active in both
 
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
public and private investments in companies developing drugs, medical devices, diagnostics, and research tools and serves as a board member for various public and privately-held companies. Mr. Kolchinsky served on the Board of Global Science and Technology for the National Academy of Sciences, is the author of “The Great American Drug Deal” and “The Entrepreneur’s Guide to a Biotech Startup”. He founded the non-profit No Patient Left Behind to advocate for healthcare reforms that would solve affordability and promote continued biomedical innovation. Mr. Kolchinsky holds a BA from Cornell University and a PhD in Virology from Harvard University.
Matthew Hammond, PhD, our Chief Investment Officer and member of our board of directors, joined RA Capital in 2014 and is a Principal on its investment team. Dr. Hammond works on both public and private healthcare companies and is a member of the Board of Directors of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., Cerebral Therapeutics, Inc., Kira Pharmaceuticals, and DTx Pharma. Dr. Hammond holds a BS in Environmental Health Science from the University of Georgia and both a PhD in Biomedical Science with a concentration in Neuroscience and an MBA with a concentration in Finance from the University of Connecticut.
Tess Cameron, our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors joined RA Capital in 2020 and is a Principal on its investment team. Ms. Cameron’s primary responsibility is to partner with RA Capital’s portfolio companies as a strategic finance advisor. Prior to RA, Ms. Cameron held finance leadership roles at Foghorn Therapeutics, Wave Life Sciences, and Biogen. Ms. Cameron started her career at McKinsey & Company, where she was a specialist on the corporate finance team. Ms. Cameron holds an HBA with a double major in Economics and Peace & Conflict studies from the University of Toronto, Canada.
We believe our management team is well positioned to take advantage of the growing set of investment opportunities focused on the healthcare industry, and that our extensive existing relationships with portfolio companies along with our ongoing efforts to identify investment opportunities will allow us to generate an attractive transaction for our stockholders.
Industry Opportunity
Our primary focus will be on the healthcare industry in the United States. We believe the healthcare industry, particularly the biotechnology sector, represents an enormous and growing target market with a large number of potential target acquisition opportunities. Overall, total U.S. national health expenditures grew to $3.8 trillion in 2019 and accounted for 17.7% of U.S Gross Domestic Product. Medicare and Medicaid Services grew to represent 21% and 16%, respectively of total national health expenditures. In addition to these industry-wide dynamics in healthcare, specifically within the biotechnology sector, the past decade has seen a shift in the research and development strategy of the Big Pharma companies to external innovation through licensing partnerships and strategic acquisitions, resulting in 969 merger and acquisition transactions totaling $710 billion from 2015 to 2019 according to Evaluate. Furthermore, there has been a gradual increase in U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of new drugs, from 182 in the five year period from 2011 to 2015, to 228 in the five year period from 2016 to 2020. In 2020 alone, the FDA approved 53 novel drugs, the second highest annual count in over 20 years. According to Evaluate Pharma, worldwide prescription drug sales are expected to reach nearly $1.4 trillion in 2026, representing a 7.4% 2020 - 2026 compound annual growth rate.
We believe that there are major benefits for privately-held, pre-commercial stage biotechnology companies to become publicly-traded, including greater access to capital, a broader investor base, more liquid securities, and increased market awareness. An acquisition by a special purpose acquisition company with a management team that is well-known and respected by biotechnology company founders, their investors, and management teams, we believe, will become a preferred route for a high-quality private healthcare company to access the public markets. Furthermore, we believe that market volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic is likely to make such an on-ramp to the public markets even more attractive to private companies, as it promises more certainty about deal completion, a more efficient path to the public markets, and a defined investor base.
In addition, we believe that the current state of the biotechnology IPO market may enhance our ability to locate an attractive target. Approximately 310 biotechnology companies have gone public since 2015 in the United States. Despite the current level of IPO activity, according to IBISWorld, in February 2020, there were estimated to be approximately 9,500 biotechnology companies globally, only a fraction of which are publicly traded.
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
We believe that there is tremendous investor demand for IPOs in the biotechnology sector and that the COVID-19 pandemic has led to a renewed appreciation of the critical contributions the biotechnology sector makes to society, which in turn will continue to fuel investor demand. Given our sponsor’s track record of identifying, evaluating, and investing in leading biotechnology companies, we believe a business combination target we identify will benefit by partnering with us to go public.
Acquisition Strategy
We believe our management team is uniquely positioned within the healthcare sector to identify opportunities in healthcare, for the reasons detailed below:
▪
Outstanding track record as healthcare investors: Since the inception of its multi-stage strategy in 2012, RA Capital has invested in 174 private companies, 78 of which have gone on to become public companies or have been acquired. Recent representative investments include Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:BDTX), Eidos Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq:EIDX; acquired by BridgeBio Pharma), Everest Medicines Ltd (Hong Kong: 1952), Forma Therapeutics (Nasdaq:FMTX), iTeos Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:ITOS), Inhibrx Inc. (Nasdaq:INBX), Kinnate Biopharma Inc. (Nasdaq:KNTE), Peloton Therapeutics, Inc. (acquired by Merck & Co.), Phathom Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:PHAT), Ra Pharmaceuticals (formerly Nasdaq:RARX; acquired by UCB), Satsuma Pharmaceuticals Inc (Nasdaq:STSA), Synthorx, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq:THOR; acquired by Sanofi), Vaxcyte, Inc. (Nasdaq:PCVX), Vor Biopharma Inc. (Nasdaq:VOR) and many others.
▪
Deep fundamental scientific and industry insight and expertise through TechAtlas, RA Capital’s dedicated research platform: RA Capital’s in-house research team creates competitive landscape maps that capture intricacies of drug development across more than 100 relevant disease areas. The TechAtlas team enables RA Capital to capture, analyze, contextualize, and distill down to critical insights an enormous volume of data, which directly informs investment decisions. Since 2011 these efforts have been instrumental in building internal expertise across all major therapeutic areas, including those where no drug is currently approved, thereby helping the RA Capital investment team to proactively identify and create investment opportunities. TechAtlas is tasked with keeping RA Capital’s investment team apprised of material developments in every therapeutic area and maintaining contact with every company working on potentially compelling drug development programs. The TechAtlas domain experts rapidly put new information into context and work with the investment team to efficiently triage investment opportunities, thereby allowing the investment team to focus on the opportunities offering the highest risk-adjusted return potential.
▪
High volume of investment opportunities attributed to RA Capital’s large footprint in the industry: in 2020 RA Capital met with over 1,000 private companies and over 400 public companies, in addition to regular interactions with academic and medical experts. This level of ongoing search and evaluation is made possible by the efforts of the 30+ trained scientists on the TechAtlas team and the 15+ investment professionals on the investment team. With many technologies in a given space aspiring to be better than the current standard of care, the RA Capital team focuses on determining which technologies, of all of those under development, would be the most likely to be commercially successful if all were approved.
Our selection process will combine our ongoing diligence efforts and our relationships with leading life science investment funds, executives of private and public companies, as well as leading investment banking firms, which we believe should provide us with a key competitive advantage in sourcing potential business combination targets. Given our profile and industry expertise, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investors in other private and public companies in our networks.
We believe that RA Capital’s reputation, experience, and track record of making investments in the healthcare space will make us a preferred partner for companies we would be interested in acquiring, in part because one of RA Capital’s core investing principles is to provide more than capital. RA Capital has a unique ability among biotech investors to provide to its portfolio companies the coordinated output of its entire team, including expertise across all major disease areas through proprietary internal research, strategic guidance, and operational support. For example, RA Capital’s TechAtlas team has successfully led pipeline prioritization initiatives for multiple portfolio companies, and RA Capital employees have the expertise necessary to step in
 
4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
to work with its portfolio companies on financial scenario planning, clinical trial design, regulatory strategy, and many other operational initiatives.
Based on RA Capital’s extensive experience as an active participant in crossover financings and subsequent initial public offerings, including in completing the successful initial public offering of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., we believe that the SPAC can serve as a faster and more efficient path to going public by combining the crossover financing and IPO into a single transaction.
Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. We may, however, decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria. We intend to seek to acquire companies that we believe:
▪
possess fundamental scientific data that indicate a drug candidate or platform is likely to generate a differentiated therapeutic for patients suffering from devastating conditions;
▪
have a well-defined path to generate further clinical data that will bring one or more drug candidates closer to FDA approval and be appreciated by the public markets and potential acquirers;
▪
are led by competent management teams and have strong corporate governance and reporting policies in place;
▪
would be funded for at least one year past a key value inflection point after consummating a merger with us;
▪
provide the potential for exceptional returns for our stockholders.
We may use other criteria as well. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
Initial Business Combination
Nasdaq rules and our certificate of incorporation require that we complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, or we are considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or an independent valuation or accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat
 
5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable.
In addition, our sponsor has indicated an interest to purchase $30,000,000 of our shares of common stock in a private placement that would occur concurrently with the consummation of our initial business combination. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our sponsor may determine not to purchase any such shares, or to purchase fewer shares than it has indicated an interest in purchasing. Furthermore, we are not under any obligation to sell any such shares. If we sell shares to our sponsor (or any other investor) in connection with our initial business combination, the equity interest of investors in this offering in the combined company may be diluted and the market prices for our securities may be adversely affected. In addition, if the per share trading price of our shares of common stock is greater than the price per share paid in the private placement, the private placement will result in value dilution to you, in addition to the immediate dilution that you will experience in connection with the consummation of this offering.
Other Considerations
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with RA Capital or our sponsor, founders, officers, or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with RA Capital, our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Affiliates of RA Capital and members of our board of directors will directly or indirectly own founder shares and private placement shares following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers or directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
We currently do not have any specific business combination under consideration. Our officers and directors have neither individually selected nor considered a target business nor have they had any substantive discussions regarding possible target businesses among themselves or with our underwriters or other advisors. RA Capital is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination, but we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to a business combination transaction with our company. We have not (nor have any of our agents or affiliates) been approached by any candidates (or representative of any candidates) with respect to a possible acquisition transaction with our company and we will not consider a business combination with any company that has already been identified to RA Capital as a suitable acquisition candidate for it, unless RA Capital, in its sole discretion, declines such potential business combination or makes available to our company a co-investment opportunity in accordance with RA Capital’s applicable existing and future policies and procedures. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, taken any substantive measure, directly or indirectly, to select or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us, nor have we engaged or retained any agent or other representative to select or locate any such acquisition candidate.
RA Capital may manage multiple investment vehicles and raise additional funds and/or successor funds in the future, which may be during the period in which we are seeking our initial business combination. These RA Capital investment entities may be seeking acquisition opportunities and related financing at any time. We may compete with any one or more of them on any given acquisition opportunity.
In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor may invest in other special purpose acquisition companies sponsored or formed by other venture capital funds similar to our sponsor. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business
 
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. In addition, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.
In addition, our founders, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. In particular, certain of our officers and directors serve as an officer or director of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., a blank check company sponsored by RA Capital that is currently seeking its initial business combination. Moreover, our founders, officers and directors have, and will have in the future, time and attention requirements for current and future investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by RA Capital. To the extent any conflict of interest arises between, on the one hand, us and, on the other hand, investments funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by RA Capital (including, without limitation, arising as a result of certain of our founders, officers and directors being required to offer acquisition opportunities to such investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities), RA Capital and its affiliates will resolve such conflicts of interest in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing fiduciary, contractual, and other duties, and there can be no assurance that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor.
Any past experience and performance of RA Capital, or our management team is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of RA Capital or our management team’s performance as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is not an investment in RA Capital. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or RA Capital has had experience with a blank check company or special purpose acquisition company in the past.
Unlike other SPAC IPOs, investors in this offering will not receive warrants that would become exercisable following completion of our initial business combination.
Corporate Information
Our executive offices are located at 3172 North Rainbow Blvd. #1278, Las Vegas, NV 89108.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
 
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging growth company” will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30.
Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our Class A common stock under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
 
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
THE OFFERING
In deciding whether to invest in our Class A common stock, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors” of this prospectus.
Shares of Class A common stock
offered
13,000,000(1) shares, at $10.00 per share
Proposed Nasdaq symbol
“RACB”
Trading commencement
The shares of Class A common stock are expected to begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus.
Number of shares of common stock outstanding before this offering
3,250,000(1)(2)(3)
Number of shares of common stock outstanding after this offering
16,710,000(1)(3)(4)(5)
Indication of Interest
Our sponsor has indicated an interest to purchase an aggregate of $30,000,000 of shares of our common stock in a private placement that would occur concurrently with the consummation of our initial business combination. The capital from such private placement would be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, and any excess capital from such private placement would be used for working capital in the post-transaction company. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our sponsor may determine not to purchase any such shares, or to purchase fewer shares than it has indicated an interest in purchasing. We are not under any obligation to sell any such shares. Such investment would be made on terms and conditions determined at the time of the business combination.
Founder shares
On July 23, 2020, we issued to our sponsor 3,737,500 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.01 per share.
(1)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
(2)
Founder shares are currently classified as shares of Class B common stock, which shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination as described below adjacent to the caption “Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights” and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
(3)
Excludes an aggregate of up to 487,500 shares of Class B common stock held by our sponsor that are subject to forfeiture if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full.
(4)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and includes 13,000,000 shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering and 460,000 private placement shares to be sold in the private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering.
(5)
Unlike other SPAC IPOs, investors in this offering will not receive warrants that would become exercisable following completion of our initial business combination.
 
9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization or a share surrender or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our shares of Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our sponsor (and its permitted transferees), on an as-converted basis, at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of this offering (excluding the private placement shares). Up to 487,500 of the founder shares held by our sponsor will be forfeited depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised.
The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock being sold in this offering, except that:
▪
the founder shares and private placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;
▪
our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares and (ii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have also agreed (A) that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares and (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, if our sponsor, directors or executive officers acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed to vote their founder shares, the private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to
 
10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
our founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 4,645,001, or 35.7%, of the 13,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). The other members of our management team have entered into the same agreements to the one entered into by our sponsor with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after this offering;
▪
the founder shares and private placement shares are entitled to registration rights; and
▪
the founder shares will be automatically convertible into our shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination as described below adjacent to the caption “Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights” and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Transfer restrictions on founder shares and private placement shares
Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares or private placement shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination the founder shares and private placement shares will be released from the lock-up.
Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights
The founder shares are designated as shares of Class B common stock and will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of the business combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless our sponsor agrees to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in
 
11
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders) (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination and any private placement shares). Our sponsor may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time.
Voting rights
With respect to all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law or the applicable rules of Nasdaq then in effect, holders of our founder shares and private placement shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our board of directors will be divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term.
Private placement shares
Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase 460,000 private placement shares (or 499,000 private placement shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $10.00 per private placement share ($4,600,000 in the aggregate or $4,990,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which it has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to the private placement shares.
Proceeds to be held in trust account
Nasdaq rules provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares be deposited in a trust account. Of the proceeds we will receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares described in this prospectus, $130,000,000, or $149,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per share in either case), will be deposited into a segregated trust account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. and $4,600,000 will be used to pay expenses in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following this offering. The proceeds to be placed in the trust account include $4,550,000 (or $5,232,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions.
Except for the withdrawal of interest income to pay our income taxes, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as
 
12
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
discussed below and subject to the requirements of law and regulation, will provide that none of the funds held in the trust account will be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of our public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders.
Anticipated expenses and funding sources
Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, no proceeds held in the trust account will be available for our use, except the withdrawal of interest income to pay our income taxes and/or to redeem our public shares in connection with an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as described above. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Recent interest rates have been minimal. As such, the company does not expect to earn significant interest income on the trust account. Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, we may pay our expenses only from:
▪
the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account, which will be approximately $1,000,000 in working capital after the payment of approximately $1,000,000 in expenses relating to this offering; and
▪
any loans or additional investments from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us, and provided any such loans will not have any claim on the proceeds held in the trust account unless such proceeds are released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares, at a price of $10.00 per share, at the option of the lender.
Conditions to completing our initial business combination
Nasdaq rules and our certificate of incorporation require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the
 
13
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion nor will they be able to rely on such opinion.
We will complete our initial business combination only if the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or is otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock or shares of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test, provided that in the event that the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of seeking stockholder approval or conducting a tender offer, as applicable.
Permitted purchases of public shares by our affiliates
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds
 
14
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. If our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See “Proposed Business — Permitted Purchases of Our Securities” for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction.
The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our shares of Class A common stock may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our shares of Class A common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our shares of Class A common stock may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our Class A common stock on a national securities exchange.
Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion
 
15
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
of our initial business combination with respect to the private placement shares. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
Limitations on redemptions
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). However, a greater net tangible asset or cash requirement may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Manner of conducting redemptions
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval, while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other legal reasons.
If we hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will:
▪
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy
 
16
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and
▪
file proxy materials with the SEC.
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 4,645,001, or 35.7%, of the 13,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). The other members of our management team have entered into the same agreement to the one entered into by our sponsor with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after this offering. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require that at least five days’ notice be given of any such stockholder meeting.
If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
▪
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and
▪
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our shares of Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination.
 
17
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding 15% or more of the shares sold in this offering if we hold a stockholder vote
Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our public stockholders’ ability to redeem to no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those stockholders that hold more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering) for or against our initial business combination.
Release of funds in trust account on closing of our initial business combination
On the completion of our initial business combination, the funds held in the trust account will be disbursed directly by the trustee to pay amounts due to any public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights as described above adjacent to the caption “Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination,” to pay the underwriters their deferred underwriting commissions, to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on
 
18
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
Redemption of public shares and distribution and liquidation if no initial business combination
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights with respect to the private placement shares.
Our sponsor and directors and executive officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to the founder shares and private placement shares and (ii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have also agreed (A) that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares and (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, if our sponsor or members of our management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event
 
19
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
Our sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described above adjacent to the caption “Limitations on redemptions.” For example, our board of directors may propose such an amendment if it determines that additional time is necessary to complete our initial business combination. In such event, we will conduct a proxy solicitation and distribute proxy materials pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act seeking stockholder approval of such proposal and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon stockholder approval of such amendment. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsors, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person.
Limited payments to insiders
There will be no finder’s fees, reimbursements or cash payments made by the company to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:
▪
repayment of $300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses;
▪
reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination; and
▪
repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares of the post
 
20
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
business combination entity at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
Any such payments will be made either (i) prior to our initial business combination using proceeds of this offering held outside the trust account or from loans made to us by our sponsor or (ii) in connection with or after the consummation of our initial business combination.
Audit committee
We have established an audit committee, which will be effective upon the effectiveness of this registration statement and will be composed by a majority of independent directors. Among its responsibilities, the audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates and monitor compliance with the other terms relating to this offering. If any noncompliance is identified, then the audit committee will be charged with the responsibility to promptly take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise to cause compliance with the terms of this offering. For more information, see the section entitled “Management — Committees of the Board of Directors — Audit Committee.”
Conflicts of Interest
RA Capital manages several investment vehicles. RA Capital and its affiliates may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within RA Capital may be suitable for both us and for current or future RA Capital funds and may be directed to such RA Capital funds rather than to us. Neither RA Capital nor members of our management team who are also employed by RA Capital or its affiliates have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as an officer of the Company. RA Capital and/or our management, in their capacities as employees of RA Capital or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential business combinations to other entities before they present such opportunities to us. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity, including private funds under the management of RA Capital and their respective portfolio companies, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. In addition, existing and future funds managed by RA Capital and their respective portfolio companies may compete with us for business combination opportunities and, if such opportunities are pursued by such entities, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such
 
21
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
business combination opportunity to such entity, and may only decide to present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity and consummating the same would not violate any restrictive covenants to which such officers and directors are subject.
In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor may invest in other special purpose acquisition companies sponsored or formed by other venture capital funds similar to our sponsor. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with one or more affiliates of RA Capital and/or investors. Such entities may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, including pursuant to their rights contained in the forward purchase agreement, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entities a class of equity or equity-linked securities.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.
 
22
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
RISKS
We are a newly formed company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. This offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” of this prospectus.
You should read and carefully consider these risks, together with the risks set forth under the section entitled “Risk Factors” and all of the other information in this prospectus, including the financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. If any of the risks discussed in this prospectus actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially and adversely affected. In particular, our risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
▪
We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
▪
Past performance by RA Capital, including our management team and Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.
▪
Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets.
▪
The requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete such a business combination.
▪
Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.
▪
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.
▪
The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into our initial business combination with a target.
▪
The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination.
▪
We may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.
▪
If we seek stockholder approval of our business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from stockholders, in which case they may influence a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support.
▪
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
▪
If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
 
23
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
▪
The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
▪
Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our sponsor will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination.
▪
Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
▪
Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
▪
We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
▪
If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait up to 24 months or longer before redemption from our trust account.
▪
Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
▪
There is currently no market for our Class A common stock and a market for our Class A common stock may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our shares.
▪
Once initially listed on Nasdaq, our Class A common stock may not continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our Class A common stock and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
 
24
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA
The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented.
DECEMBER 31, 2020
ACTUAL
Balance Sheet Data:
Working capital (deficiency)
$ (105,989
)
Total assets
$ 347,580
Total liabilities
$ 330,444
Stockholder’s equity
$ 17,136
If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have entered into an agreement with us pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares and (ii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have also agreed (A) that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares and (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, if our sponsor or members of our management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
 
25
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
RISK FACTORS
An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Related to Our Business and Financial Position
We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
We are a blank check company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering and consummating our initial business combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning our initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
Past performance by RA Capital, including our management team and Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.
Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, RA Capital, including Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance of RA Capital or our management team is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of RA Capital, Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. or our management team’s performance as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is not an investment in RA Capital. Our sponsor, officers, directors and RA Capital have limited or no prior experience with a blank check company or special purpose acquisition company.
We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.
Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. In particular, certain of our officers and directors serve as an officer or director of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., a blank check company sponsored by RA Capital that is currently seeking its initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.
Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets.
In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the COVID- 19 coronavirus disease a “Public Health Emergency of International Concern.” On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a “pandemic” which remains ongoing until today. The COVID-19 outbreak has
 
26
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that could materially and adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the operations and financial position of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, if the target company’s personnel, vendors and service providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner, or if COVID-19 causes a prolonged economic downturn. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
In addition, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.
Because we intend to seek a business combination with a target business in the healthcare industry, we expect our future operations to be subject to risks associated with the healthcare industry.
Healthcare and biotechnology related companies are generally subject to greater governmental regulation than most other industries at the U.S. state and federal levels, and internationally. In recent years, both local and national governmental budgets have come under pressure to reduce spending and control healthcare costs, which could both adversely affect regulatory processes and public funding available for healthcare products, services and facilities. In March 2010, comprehensive healthcare reform legislation was enacted in the United States. These laws are intended to increase health insurance coverage through individual and employer mandates, subsidies offered to lower income individuals, tax credits available to smaller employers and broadening of Medicaid eligibility.
While one intent of healthcare reform is to expand health insurance coverage to more individuals, it may also involve additional regulatory mandates and other measures designed to constrain medical costs, including coverage and reimbursement for healthcare services. Healthcare reform has had a significant impact on the healthcare industry in the United States and consequently has the ability to affect companies within the healthcare industry and the biotechnology sector. The ultimate effects of federal healthcare reform or any future legislation or regulation, or healthcare initiatives, if any, on the healthcare industry, including the biotechnology sector, whether implemented at the federal or state level or internationally, cannot be predicted with certainty and such reform, legislation, regulation or initiatives may adversely affect the performance of a potential business combination.
Changes in governmental policies may have a material effect on the demand for or costs of certain products and services. A healthcare or biotechnology related company must receive government approval before introducing new drugs and medical devices or procedures. This process may delay the introduction of these products and services to the marketplace, resulting in increased development costs, delayed cost recovery and loss of competitive advantage to the extent that rival companies have developed competing products or procedures, adversely affecting the company’s revenues and profitability. Failure to obtain governmental approval of a key drug or device or other regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on the business of a target company. Additionally, expansion of facilities by healthcare related providers is subject to “determinations of need” by the appropriate government authorities. This process not only increases the time and cost involved in these expansions, but also makes expansion plans uncertain, limiting the revenue and profitability growth potential of healthcare related facilities operators.
Certain healthcare and biotechnology related companies depend on the exclusive rights or patents for the products they develop and distribute. Patents have a limited duration and, upon expiration, other companies may market substantially similar “generic” products that are typically sold at a lower price than the patented product, causing the original developer of the product to lose market share and/or reduce the price charged for the product, resulting in lower profits for the original developer. As a result, the expiration of patents may
 
27
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
adversely affect the profitability of these companies. The profitability of healthcare and biotechnology related companies may also be affected, among other factors, by restrictions on government reimbursement for medical expenses, rising or falling costs of medical products and services, pricing pressure, an increased emphasis on outpatient services, a limited product offering, industry innovation, changes in technologies and other market developments. Finally, because the products and services of healthcare and biotechnology related companies affect the health and well-being of many individuals, these companies are especially susceptible to product liability lawsuits.
The healthcare industry and the biotechnology sector spend heavily on research and development. Research findings (e.g., regarding side effects or comparative benefits of one or more particular treatments, services or products) and technological innovation (together with patent expirations) may make any particular treatment, service or product less attractive if previously unknown or underappreciated risks are revealed, or if a more effective, less costly or less risky solution is or becomes available. Any such development could have a material adverse effect on the companies that are target businesses for investment.
The requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete such a business combination.
Nasdaq rules and our certificate of incorporation require that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete a business combination with. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, which may be less than $10.00 per share.
Risks Related to Our Proposed Initial Business Combination
Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required, we may conduct redemptions via a tender offer. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve the business combination. Please see the section entitled “Proposed Business  —  Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information.
Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Because our board of directors may consummate our initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our business combination.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.
Our sponsor and certain of our directors will own, on an as-converted basis, an aggregate of 20% of our outstanding common stock immediately following the completion of this offering (excluding the private placement shares). Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers also may from time to time purchase shares of Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the
 
28
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
shares voted at such meeting, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to the founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 4,645,001, or 35.7%, of the 13,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and our directors and executive officers to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination.
The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into our initial business combination with a target.
We may enter into a transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition, and as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets would be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into our initial business combination transaction with us.
The ability of a large number of our stockholders to exercise redemption rights may not allow us to consummate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
In connection with the successful consummation of our business combination, we may redeem up to that number of shares of common stock that would permit us to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001. If our business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, the redemption threshold may be further limited. Alternatively, we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination in case a larger percentage of stockholders exercise their redemption rights than we expect. If the acquisition involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to the target or its stockholders to make up for the failure to satisfy a minimum cash requirement. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.
The requirement that we maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount of cash could increase the probability that we cannot consummate our business combination and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.
If, pursuant to the terms of our proposed business combination, we are required to maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount of cash in trust in order to consummate the business combination and regardless of whether we proceed with redemptions under the tender offer or proxy rules, the probability that we cannot consummate our business combination is increased. If we do not consummate our business combination, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount in our trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.
The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination.
Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning our initial business combination will be aware that we must consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Consequently, such target businesses may obtain leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target
 
29
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
We may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.
We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
If we seek stockholder approval of our business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from stockholders, in which case they may influence a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support.
If we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or equity-linked securities in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the consummation of our initial business combination. Such purchases will not be made if our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates are in possession of any material non-public information that has not been disclosed to the selling stockholder, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases.
The purpose of such purchases would be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (2) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of the business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the consummation of an initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
Purchases of shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may make it difficult for us to maintain the listing of our shares on a national securities exchange following the consummation of an initial business combination.
If our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, the public “float” of our shares of common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities would both be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain the listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange following consummation of the business combination.
 
30
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.
We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See “Proposed Business — Effecting Our Initial Business Combination — Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights.”
You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
Our public stockholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of a redemption to public stockholders prior to any winding up in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination or our liquidation, if they redeem their shares in connection with an initial business combination that we consummate or if we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our redemption obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 24 months of the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to the funds in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
Because the net proceeds of this offering are intended to be used to complete our initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will expect to file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our shares will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, offerings subject to Rule 419 would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.”
If we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our shares of common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our shares of common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, individually or together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering. Your inability to redeem more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering will reduce your influence over our ability to consummate our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell such excess shares in open market transactions. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, you would be required to sell your shares in open market transaction, potentially at a loss.
 
31
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, assuming that our initial business combination is not consummated during that time. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we are unable to fund such down payments or “no shop” provisions, our ability to close a contemplated transaction could be impaired. Furthermore, if we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive a pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account (which may be less than $10.00 per share) (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption.
The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
The net proceeds of this offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement shares, in the amount of $130,000,000 (or $149,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S.Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below $130,000,000 (or $149,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
Subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges.
Even if we conduct thorough due diligence on a target business with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business. And, regardless of how comprehensive our diligence may be, factors outside of the target business and outside of our control may arise later. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing.
Our directors may decide not to enforce indemnification obligations against our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ overallotment option is exercised in full) and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
 
32
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine on our behalf whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations on our behalf, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our sponsor will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination.
The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as converted basis, 20% of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders). This amount will include the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, but will exclude any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement shares, provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies in which the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20% of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to our initial business combination.
Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, certain of our officers and directors serve as an officer or director of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., a blank check company sponsored by RA Capital that is currently seeking its initial business combination. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs, please see “Management — Officers, Directors and Director Nominees.”
Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including private funds under the management of RA Capital and their respective portfolio companies, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. In addition, existing and future funds managed by RA Capital and their
 
33
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
respective portfolio companies may compete with us for business combination opportunities and, if such opportunities are pursued by such entities, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor may invest in other special purpose acquisition companies sponsored or formed by other venture capital funds similar to our sponsor. Any such companies, businesses or ventures may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see “Management — Officers, Directors and Director Nominees,” “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.
We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more affiliates of RA Capital and/or one or more investors in RA Capital funds. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. In particular, certain of the RA Capital funds are focused on investments in the healthcare industry, in particular the biotechnology sector. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for the RA Capital funds. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.
The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders’ rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.
We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Such entities may compete with us for business
 
34
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in “Proposed Business — Effecting our initial business combination — Evaluation of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination” and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.
Moreover, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with one or more affiliates of RA Capital and/or one or more investors in RA Capital. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the business combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment company, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination.
We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.
Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations.
We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments, in particular, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and
 
35
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application also may change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait up to 24 months or longer before redemption from our trust account.
If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter (subject to our certificate of incorporation and applicable law), distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public stockholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs by way of a voluntary liquidation, as further described herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by our certificate of incorporation prior to our commencing any voluntary liquidation. Except as otherwise described herein, we have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of any redemption required as a result of our failure to consummate our initial business combination within the period described above or our liquidation, unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their shares of common stock. Only upon any such redemption of public shares as we are required to effect, or any liquidation, will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination.
The grant of registration rights to holders of founder shares and private placement shares may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock.
Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on the date of this prospectus, our sponsor (and/or our sponsor’s designees, including certain of our directors) and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the founder shares and private placement shares and any securities issued upon conversion of working capital loans. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholder of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our shares of common stock that is expected to occur when the securities owned by our sponsor and certain of our directors or their respective permitted transferees are registered.
Because we have not selected a particular business or specific geographic location or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’ operations.
Although we have a stated focus on certain target businesses in a specific geographic location as indicated elsewhere in this prospectus, we may pursue acquisition opportunities in any geographic region. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we intend to initially focus on those industries or sectors that complement our management team’s background. Except for the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) and that we are not permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to our initial business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’ operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we consummate our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a
 
36
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and thus leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. In addition, investors will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of a particular target business. An investment in our shares of Class A common stock may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in an acquisition target.
We may seek investment opportunities outside our management’s area of expertise and our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all significant risks associated with the target company.
There is no limitation on the industry or business sector we may consider when contemplating our initial business combination. We may therefore be presented with a business combination candidate in an industry unfamiliar to our management team, but determine that such candidate offers an attractive investment opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an investment outside of our management’s expertise, our management’s experience may not be directly applicable to the target business or their evaluation of its operations.
Although we identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
Although we have identified specific criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we consummate our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce our initial business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or the Nasdaq, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption.
Management’s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with our management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our stockholders.
Subject to the requirements in Nasdaq rules and our certificate of incorporation that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Investors will be relying on management’s ability to identify business combinations, evaluate their merits, conduct or monitor diligence and conduct negotiations. Management’s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our stockholders, which would be the case if the trading price of our shares of common stock after giving effect to such business combination was less than the per-share trust liquidation value that our stockholders would have received if we had dissolved without consummating our initial business combination.
We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, and consequently, an independent source may not confirm that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view.
Unless we consummate our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the price we are paying is fair to our
 
37
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.
Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not consummated.
We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption.
Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be largely dependent upon the efforts of our officers, directors and key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination.
Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. In particular, certain of our officers and directors serve as an officer or director of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., a blank check company sponsored by RA Capital that is currently seeking its initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us.
The role of such persons in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of such persons may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
Members of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
Members of our management team may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
 
38
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effectuate our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’ management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted.
The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon consummation of our initial business combination. The loss of an acquisition target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the consummation of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that some members of the management team of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
Risks Related to Our Operations
Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs, please see “Management — Officers, Directors and Director Nominees.”
Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. Our sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies prior to us completing our initial business combination. Moreover, certain of our directors and officers have time and attention requirements for investment funds of which affiliates of our sponsor are the investment managers.
Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities in the future to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
 
39
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
For a complete discussion of our officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see the sections of this prospectus entitled “Management — Officers and Directors,” “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.
We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact (subject to certain approvals and consents), we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.
We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Sources of Target Businesses” and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.
Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
In July 2020, our sponsor acquired 3,737,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after this offering (excluding the private placement shares). In addition, our sponsor has agreed to purchase 460,000 shares of Class A common stock (or 499,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per share in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of $4,600,000 (or $4,990,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. The private placement shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus. The founder shares and private placement shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares or private placement shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans
 
40
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director, up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares of the post business combination entity at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.
Certain shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will not participate in liquidating distributions and, therefore, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination.
Our sponsor and directors and executive officers have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares and (ii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, the private placement shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, if our sponsor, directors or executive officers acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Accordingly, the founder shares and private placement shares will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest.
We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete our initial business combination, which may adversely affect our financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. If we incur any indebtedness without a waiver from the lender of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
▪
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
▪
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
▪
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
▪
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
▪
our inability to pay dividends on our shares of common stock;
▪
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our shares of common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
▪
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
▪
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
 
41
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
▪
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business, which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
The net proceeds from this offering together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private placement shares (excluding $1,000,000 of net proceeds that will not be held in the trust account) will provide us with approximately $125,450,000 (or approximately $144,267,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that we may use to complete our initial business combination.
We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities, which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.
We may attempt to simultaneously consummate business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
We may attempt to consummate our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available.
In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in our initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
We may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination.
We may structure our initial business combination to acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only consummate such business combination if we will become the majority stockholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or to the extent permitted by law we may acquire interests in a variable interest
 
42
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
entity, in which we may have less than a majority of the voting rights in such entity, but in which we are the primary beneficiary. Even though we may own a majority interest in the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that we will not be able to maintain our control of the target business.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise their redemption rights may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
If our initial business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise redemption rights, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon such redemption, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our initial business combination. In the event that the acquisition involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our stock to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.
In connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public stockholder the option to vote in favor of the proposed business combination and still seek redemption of their shares.
In connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our sponsor, officers or directors) the right to have their shares of common stock redeemed for cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus) regardless of whether such stockholder votes for or against such proposed business combination; provided that a stockholder must in fact vote for or against a proposed business combination in order to have their shares of common stock redeemed for cash. If a stockholder fails to vote for or against a proposed business combination, that stockholder would not be able to have their shares of common stock so redeemed. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. This is different than other similarly structured blank check companies where stockholders are offered the right to redeem their shares only when they vote against a proposed business combination. This threshold and the ability to seek redemption while voting in favor of a proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
We will require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares of common stock in connection with a proposed business combination, or an amendment to our certificate of incorporation to effect the substance or timing of their redemption obligation if we fail to timely complete a business combination, to comply with specific requirements for redemption that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights.
We will require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the expiration date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or in the event we distribute proxy materials, up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination or amendment to our certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our redemption obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. In order to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical
 
43
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, this may not be the case. Under our certificate of incorporation, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise redemption rights. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who wish to redeem may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their redemption rights and thus may be unable to redeem their shares.
Redeeming stockholders may be unable to sell their shares of Class A common stock when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved.
We will require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares of Class A common stock in connection with any proposed business combination to comply with the delivery requirements discussed above for redemption. If such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to redeem their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their shares after the failed acquisition until we have returned their shares to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your shares when you wish, even while other stockholders that did not seek redemption may be able to sell their shares.
Because of our structure, other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination.
We expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including healthcare investment funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Therefore, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval of our initial business combination may delay the consummation of a transaction. Additionally, our rights, and the future dilution they represent (entitling the holders to receive shares of common stock on consummation of our initial business combination), may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination.
We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption.
Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering will be sufficient to allow us to consummate our initial business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction or our costs to identify and consummate a transaction and to operate the target business. If the net proceeds of this offering prove to be insufficient for one or more reasons including the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination, or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. Financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it especially difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular initial business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only
 
44
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to consummate our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.
Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
Upon closing of this offering, our sponsor (and its designees, including certain of our directors) collectively will own 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (excluding the private placement shares and assuming they do not purchase any shares in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our certificate of incorporation. If our sponsor (and its designees, including certain of our directors) purchases any shares in this offering, or if we or our sponsor purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, has any current intention to purchase additional shares of common stock. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our shares of common stock.
Our sponsor paid an aggregate of  $25,000, or approximately $0.0067 per founder share and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our shares of common stock.
The difference between the public offering price per share and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon closing of this offering, you and the other public stockholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 89.04% or $8.90 per share (the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $1.10 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per share immediately upon the closing of this offering), or approximately 90.31% dilution or $9.03 per share (the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $0.97 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per share) if the over-allotment is fully exercised.
The determination of the offering price of our shares and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry.
Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our Class A common stock. The public offering price of the shares was negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with representatives of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the shares include:
▪
the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
▪
prior offerings of those companies;
▪
our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
▪
a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions;
▪
our capital structure;
▪
an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
▪
general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and
▪
other factors as were deemed relevant.
Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results.
 
45
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities
There is currently no market for our Class A common stock and a market for our Class A common stock may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our shares.
As of the date of this prospectus there is currently no market for our Class A common stock. Prospective stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our Class A common stock may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Once listed on Nasdaq, an active trading market for our Class A common stock may never develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. Additionally, if our Class A common stock becomes delisted from Nasdaq for any reason, and is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities not listed on a national exchange, the liquidity and price of our Class A common stock may be more limited than if we were listed on Nasdaq or another national exchange. You may be unable to sell your shares of Class A common stock unless a market can be established and sustained.
Once initially listed on Nasdaq, our Class A common stock may not continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our Class A common stock and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
We anticipate that our Class A common stock will be initially listed on Nasdaq upon consummation of this offering. However, we cannot assure you of this or that our Class A common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. Additionally, in connection with our business combination, Nasdaq may require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our Class A common stock from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
▪
a limited availability of market quotations for our Class A common stock;
▪
a reduced liquidity with respect to our Class A common stock;
▪
a determination that our shares of Class A common stock are a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our shares of Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of Class A common stock;
▪
a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and
▪
a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards, or IFRS, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board or the IASB, depending on the circumstances. Historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We will include substantially the same financial statement disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses with which we consummate our initial business combination, because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules, and hence we may be unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending
 
46
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
December 31, 2020. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to all public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our securities less attractive to investors.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years. However, if either our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period, or our revenues exceed $1.07 billion, or the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we (i) are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and (iii) are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and obtaining stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will not adopt the new or revised standard until the time private companies are required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.
We cannot predict if investors will find our shares less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile.
Risks Related to Acquiring and Operating a Business outside of the United States
We may effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States.
If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following:
▪
rules and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
▪
laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;
▪
exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;
▪
tariffs and trade barriers;
▪
regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
▪
longer payment cycles;
▪
tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
▪
currency fluctuations and exchange controls;
▪
rates of inflation or deflation;
 
47
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
▪
challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
▪
cultural and language differences;
▪
employment regulations;
▪
crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, pandemics and wars; and
▪
deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer.
Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, or policy changes or enactments may occur in a country in which we may operate after we effect our initial business combination.
Political events in another country may significantly affect our business, assets or operations. Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, pandemics and policy changes or enactments could negatively impact our business in a particular country.
Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience.
Our ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition.
Rules and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent.
Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results.
If relations between the United States and foreign governments deteriorate, it could cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive.
The relationship between the United States and foreign governments could be subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. For instance, the United States may announce its intention to impose quotas on certain imports. Such import quotas may adversely affect political relations between the two countries and result in retaliatory countermeasures by the foreign government in industries that may affect our ultimate target business. Changes in political conditions in foreign countries and changes in the state of U.S. relations with such countries are difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations or cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible extent of any impact on our ultimate operations if relations are strained between the United States and a foreign country in which we acquire a target business or move our principal manufacturing or service operations.
If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws.
Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely affect our operations.
Currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.
In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by,
 
48
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.
Because foreign law could govern our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdiction or elsewhere.
Foreign law could govern our material agreements. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements and remedies may not be available outside of such foreign jurisdiction’s legal system. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The judiciaries in certain foreign countries may be relatively inexperienced in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher than usual degree of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation. Any such jurisdictions may not favor outsiders or could be corrupt. As a result, the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business and business opportunities.
 
49
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Some of the statements contained in this prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about:
▪
our ability to complete our initial business combination;
▪
our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
▪
our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;
▪
our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
▪
our pool of prospective target businesses;
▪
the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;
▪
our public shares’ potential liquidity and trading;
▪
the lack of a market for our Class A common stock;
▪
the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;
▪
the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or
▪
our financial performance following this offering.
The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
 
50
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
USE OF PROCEEDS
We are offering 13,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock at an offering price of $10.00 per share. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private placement shares, will be used as set forth in the following table.
WITHOUT
OVER-
ALLOTMENT
OPTION
OVER-
ALLOTMENT
OPTION
EXERCISED
Gross proceeds
Gross proceeds from shares offered to public(1)
$ 130,000,000 $ 149,500,000
Gross proceeds from private placement shares offered in the private placement
4,600,000 4,990,000
Total gross proceeds
$ 134,600,000 $ 154,490,000
Offering expenses(2)
Underwriting commissions (2.0% of gross proceeds from shares offered to public, excluding deferred portion)﻿(3)
$ 2,600,000 $ 2,990,000
Legal fees and expenses
325,000 325,000
Printing and engraving expenses
35,000 35,000
Accounting fees and expenses
60,000 60,000
SEC/FINRA Expenses
42,331 42,331
Travel and road show
20,000 20,000
Nasdaq listing and filing fees
75,000 75,000
Director & Officer liability insurance premiums
140,000 140,000
Miscellaneous
302,669 302,669
Total offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions)
$ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000
Proceeds after offering expenses
$ 131,000,000 $ 150,500,000
Held in trust account(3)
$ 130,000,000 $ 149,500,000
% of public offering size
100
%
100
%
Not held in trust account
$ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000
The following table shows the use of the $1,000,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account.(4)(5)
AMOUNT
% OF TOTAL
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other expenses in connection with any business combination﻿(6)
350,000 35.0
%
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations
150,000 15.0
%
Consulting, travel and miscellaneous expenses incurred during search for initial business combination target
100,000 10.0
%
Nasdaq continued listing fees
55,000 5.5
%
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses
345,000 34.5
%
Total
$ 1,000,000 100.0
%
(1)
Includes amounts payable to stockholders who properly redeem their shares in connection with our successful completion of our initial business combination.
(2)
In addition, a portion of the offering expenses have been paid from the proceeds of the $300,000 in loans from our sponsor, as described in this prospectus. Upon completion of this offering these loans will be repaid out of the $1,000,000 of offering proceeds allocated for the payment of offering expenses other than underwriting commissions. In the event that offering expenses are less than set forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing working capital expenses.
 
51
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
(3)
The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. Concurrently with the completion of our initial business combination, $4,550,000, which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred commissions (or $5,232,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust account. See “Underwriting.” The remaining funds, less amounts released to the trustee to pay redeeming stockholders, will be released to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of the business or businesses with which our initial business combination occurs or for general corporate purposes, including payment of principal or interest on indebtedness incurred in connection with our initial business combination, to fund the purchases of other companies or for working capital. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions.
(4)
These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of such business combination. In the event we identify a business combination target in a specific industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. The amount in the table above does not include interest available to us from the trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Assuming an interest rate of 0.5% per year, we estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $650,000 per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount.
(5)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
(6)
Includes estimated amounts that may also be used in connection with our initial business combination to fund a “no shop” provision and commitment fees for financing.
The rules of Nasdaq provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the private placement shares be deposited in a trust account. Of the $134,600,000 in proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement shares described in this prospectus, or $154,490,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, $130,000,000 ($10.00 per share), or $149,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per share), will be deposited into a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and $4,600,000, or up to $4,990,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be used to pay expenses in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following this offering. We will not be permitted to withdraw any of the principal or interest held in the trust account, except for the withdrawal of interest income to pay our income taxes, until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of our public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. Based on current interest rates, we expect that interest income earned on the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay income taxes.
The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
We believe that amounts not held in trust, together with funds available to us from loans from our sponsor, will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek additional capital, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates, but such persons are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.
RA Capital will provide us administrative and support services free of charge.
 
52
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of the closing of this offering or the date on which we determine not to consummate this offering. The loans will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $1,000,000 of offering proceeds allocated to the payment of offering expenses.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
 
53
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
DIVIDEND POLICY
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time and subject to Delaware law. If we increase the size of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization or other appropriate mechanism immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of this offering (excluding the private placement shares). Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
 
54
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
DILUTION
The difference between the public offering price per share of Class A common stock and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of shares of Class A common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock.
At December 31, 2020, our net tangible book value was $(105,989), or approximately $(0.03) per share of common stock. After giving effect to the sale of 13,000,000 shares of Class A common stock we are offering by this prospectus (or 14,950,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), the sale of the private placement shares and the deduction of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at December 31, 2020 would have been $5,000,001, or $1.10 per share (or $5,000,001, or $0.97 per share, if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of 13,000,000 shares of Class A common stock that may be redeemed for cash, or 14,950,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of $1.13 per share (or $1.00 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) to our sponsor as of the date of this prospectus and an immediate dilution to stockholders from this offering of $10.00 per share. Total dilution to stockholders from this offering will be $8.90 per share (or $9.03 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full).
The following table illustrates the dilution to the stockholders on a per-share basis:
WITHOUT
OVER-ALLOTMENT
WITH
OVER-ALLOTMENT
Public offering price per share
$ 10.00 $ 10.00
Net tangible book value before this offering
$ (0.03
)
$ (0.03
)
Increase attributable to stockholders
$ 1.13 $ 1.00
Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering
$ 1.10 $ 0.97
Dilution to stockholders
$ 8.90 $ 9.03
Percentage of dilution to stockholders
89.04
%
90.31
%
For purposes of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) by $121,467,135 because holders of up to approximately 93.4% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account as set forth in our proxy or tender offer materials (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two days prior to the commencement of our stockholders meeting or tender offer, including interest and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering.
The following table sets forth information with respect to holders of the founder shares and the stockholders:
SHARES PURCHASED
TOTAL CONSIDERATION
AVERAGE
PRICE
NUMBER
PERCENTAGE
AMOUNT
PERCENTAGE
PER SHARE
Class B common stock(1)
3,250,000 19.45
%
$ 25,000 0.02
%
$ 0.01
Class A private placement shares
460,000 2.75
%
4,600,000 3.42
%
$ 10.00
Class A common stock
13,000,000 77.80
%
130,000,000 96.56
%
$ 10.00
16,710,000 100.0
%
$ 134,625,000 100.0
%
(1)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of 487,500 shares of Class B common stock held by our sponsor.
 
55
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The pro forma net tangible book value per share after the offering (assuming that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option) is calculated as follows:
WITHOUT
OVER-
ALLOTMENT
WITH
OVER-
ALLOTMENT
Numerator:
Net tangible book value before this offering
$ (105,989
)
$ (105,989
)
Net proceeds from this offering and sale of the private placement shares﻿(1)
131,000,000 150,500,000
Plus: Offering costs paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value
before this offering
123,125 123,125
Less: Deferred underwriting commissions
(4,550,000
)
(5,232,500
)
Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to redemption(2)
(121,467,135
)
(140,284,635
)
$ 5,000,001 $ 5,000,001
Denominator:
Common stock outstanding prior to this offering
3,737,500 3,737,500
Common stock forfeited if over-allotment is not exercised
(487,500
)
—
Class A common stock offered
13,000,000 14,950,000
Class A private placement shares
460,000 499,000
Less: Common stock subject to redemption
(12,146,714
)
(14,028,464
)
4,563,286 5,158,036
(1)
Expenses applied against gross proceeds include offering expenses of $1,000,000 and underwriting commissions of $2,600,000 or $2,990,000 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option (excluding deferred underwriting fees). See “Use of Proceeds.”
(2)
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. In the event of any such purchases of our shares prior to the completion of our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption will be reduced by the amount of any such purchases, increasing the pro forma net tangible book value per share. See “Proposed Business — Effecting Our Initial Business Combination — Permitted Purchases of Our Securities.”
 
56
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
CAPITALIZATION
The following table sets forth our capitalization at December 31, 2020, and as adjusted to give effect to the filing of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the sale of our shares of Class A common stock in this offering and the private placement shares and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such shares:
DECEMBER 31, 2020
ACTUAL
AS ADJUSTED(1)
Note Payable — related party(2)
$ 300,000 $ —
Deferred underwriting discounts and commissions(3)
— 4,550,000
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, subject to possible redemption; no shares subject to possible redemption issued and outstanding (actual); and 12,146,714 shares subject to possible redemption issued and outstanding (as adjusted)
— 121,467,135
Stockholder’s equity:
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized (as adjusted); and none issued or outstanding (as adjusted)﻿(5)
— —
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized (as adjusted); no shares issued and outstanding (actual); and 1,313,286 shares issued outstanding (excluding 12,146,714 shares subject to redemption) (as adjusted)﻿(4)(5)
— 131
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized (as adjusted); 3,737,500 issued and outstanding (actual(5)); and 3,250,000 issued and outstanding (as adjusted)
374 325
Additional paid-in capital
24,626 5,007,409
Accumulated deficit
(7,864
)
(7,864
)
Total stockholder’s equity
17,136 $ 5,000,001
Total capitalization
$ 317,136 $ 131,017,136
(1)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of 487,500 shares of common stock held by our sponsor.
(2)
Our sponsor has agreed to purchase 460,000 shares of Class A common stock (or 499,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per share in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of $4,600,000 (or $4,990,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Additionally, our sponsor may loan us up to $300,000 under an unsecured promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of December 31, 2020, we have borrowed $300,000 from our sponsor to cover for expenses in connection with this offering.
(3)
$0.35 per share, or $4,550,000 in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The Company records deferred underwriting commissions upon the closing of the initial public offering as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. Since the actual additional paid-in capital was reduced by the recording of the accrued deferred underwriting commission, total capitalization, as adjusted, includes the amount of the deferred underwriting commission to reflect total capitalization.
(4)
The Company plans on filing an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior to the closing date of this offering such that the Company will be authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock. Pursuant to the amendment, the founder shares will be converted into shares of Class B common stock. The founder shares presented as actual assumes such conversion as of December 31, 2020.
(5)
Upon the completion of our initial business combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein whereby redemptions cannot cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination.
 
57
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview
We are a blank check company incorporated on July 17, 2020 as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the shares, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt.
The issuance of additional shares in a business combination:
▪
may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the shares of Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock;
▪
may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our shares of Class A common stock;
▪
could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
▪
may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
▪
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of Class A common stock. Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in:
▪
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
▪
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves (in the absence of a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant);
▪
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
▪
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
▪
our inability to pay dividends on our shares of Class A common stock;
▪
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our shares of Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
▪
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
▪
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
▪
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, as of December 31, 2020, we had $224,455 in cash and deferred offering costs of approximately $123,125. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful.
Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events
We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this
 
58
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of this offering through receipt of a $25,000 capital contribution from our sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares to our sponsor and a commitment from our sponsor to loan us up to $300,000 to cover our expenses in connection with this offering. As of December 31, 2020, we have borrowed $300,000 under the Note. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the shares of Class A common stock in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of $1,000,000, underwriting commissions of $2,600,000, or $2,990,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of $4,550,000, or $5,232,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), and (ii) the sale of the private placement shares for a purchase price of $4,600,000 (or $4,990,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be $131,000,000 (or $150,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). $130,000,000 (or $149,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account, which includes the deferred underwriting commissions described above. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The remaining $1,000,000 will not be held in the trust account. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest income to pay our income taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we will have available to us the $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, as well as certain funds from loans from our sponsor. We will use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.
We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination, other than funds available from loans from our sponsor. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned
 
59
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately $350,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; $150,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; $100,000 for consulting, travel and miscellaneous expenses incurred during the search for an initial business combination target; $55,000 for Nasdaq continued listing fees; and $345,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. RA Capital will provide us administrative and support services free of charge.
These amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account.
Controls and Procedures
We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020 only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement.
Prior to the closing of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of our internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
▪
staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
▪
reconciliation of accounts;
▪
proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
 
60
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
▪
evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
▪
documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
▪
documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expenses in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404. The independent registered public accounting firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
The net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares held in the trust account will be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
As of December 31, 2020, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations.
JOBS Act
The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.
Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
 
61
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
PROPOSED BUSINESS
Introduction
We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated on July 17, 2020 as a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination.
While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that complement our management team’s background, and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business focusing on the healthcare industry, with an emphasis on the biotechnology sector where our management has extensive investment experience.
Our Founders
Our sponsor is an affiliate of RA Capital, a leading life sciences focused investment firm with over $7 billion of regulatory assets under management as of December 31. Since its launch in 2002, RA Capital has focused exclusively on the healthcare industry. Peter Kolchinsky, PhD, our founding Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, founded RA Capital, where he is a Managing Partner. Matthew Hammond, PhD, our founding Chief Investment Officer and Director and Tess Cameron, our founding Chief Financial Officer and Director, are Principals on the investment team at RA Capital.
RA Capital’s investment activity is focused on identifying both private and public companies in the healthcare and life science sectors that are developing drugs, medical devices, and diagnostics. The team at RA Capital consists of over 100 professionals including 37 who hold PhD and/or MD degrees. RA Capital’s deep bench enables its substantial search and evaluation efforts. Last year alone, RA Capital met with over 1,000 private companies and over 400 public companies, and it is keeping up this pace (by video and telephone conference) even while its employees are working from home. RA Capital’s deep scientific expertise is brought to bear in its TechAtlas team, charged with mapping out competitive landscapes in therapeutic areas of interest and providing the investment team and portfolio companies with strategic intelligence, market research, and other resources for due diligence. The TechAtlas maps contextualize expansive and complex data sets and competitive landscapes, allowing RA Capital’s investment team to act quickly when opportunities arise. By way of example, in 2020, RA Capital invested in several companies working on potential treatments for COVID-19, based on insights generated from its COVID-19 map. In assessing valuation and business viability of potential investments, RA Capital leverages its extensive proprietary databases and case studies covering basic scientific analyses, clinical trial designs and outcome measures, partnership structures, public market dynamics, and other factors.
RA Capital invests across the capital structure and throughout a company’s growth cycle, which provides access to a broad universe of management teams and companies seeking flexible capital solutions. RA Capital was one of the first public-oriented investors participating in pre-IPO financing rounds, now commonly referred to as “crossovers.” RA Capital has been one of the most active participants in crossover financings since this model for pre-IPO financing became prominent in 2012.
In April 2020, RA Capital incorporated Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., d/b/a Research Alliance Corp. I, a blank check company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Peter Kolchinsky is the current Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors and Matthew Hammond is the current Chief Financial Officer and a director of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. completed its initial public offering in July 2020, in which it sold 13,570,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, for an offering price of  $10.00 per share, generating aggregate proceeds of  $135,700,000. Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. is currently evaluating opportunities to conduct its initial business combination.
Since 2012, RA Capital has invested over $2.1 billion in 174 private companies, of which more than $1 billion was invested since January 2020. 78 of these private companies have gone on to become public or have been acquired, including Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:BDTX), Eidos Therapeutics, Inc.
 
62
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
(formerly Nasdaq:EIDX; acquired by BridgeBio Pharma), Everest Medicines Ltd (Hong Kong: 1952), Forma Therapeutics (Nasdaq:FMTX), iTeos Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:ITOS), Inhibrx Inc. (Nasdaq:INBX), Kinnate Biopharma Inc. (Nasdaq:KNTE), Peloton Therapeutics, Inc. (acquired by Merck & Co.), Phathom Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:PHAT), Ra Pharmaceuticals (formerly Nasdaq:RARX; acquired by UCB), Satsuma Pharmaceuticals Inc (Nasdaq:STSA), Synthorx, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq:THOR; acquired by Sanofi), Vaxcyte, Inc. (Nasdaq:PCVX), Vor Biopharma Inc. (Nasdaq:VOR) and many others. According to Silicon Valley Bank’s Healthcare Investments and Exits report for 2021, RA Capital was the most active new investor in U.S. and European biopharmaceutical deals from 2019 to 2020. If one compares the initial offering price and the price on February 19, 2021 on an aggregate basis for all (30) RA Capital private company investments that went public between January 1, 2019 and February 19, 2021, on average, they doubled (with only 5 of the 30 dropping below their IPO price).
Our Board of Directors and Management
Peter Kolchinsky, PhD, our board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, has more than 18 years of experience in healthcare investing, and is the Founder of and a Managing Partner at RA Capital. He is active in both public and private investments in companies developing drugs, medical devices, diagnostics, and research tools and serves as a board member for various public and privately-held companies. Mr. Kolchinsky served on the Board of Global Science and Technology for the National Academy of Sciences, is the author of “The Great American Drug Deal” and “The Entrepreneur’s Guide to a Biotech Startup”. He founded the non-profit No Patient Left Behind to advocate for healthcare reforms that would solve affordability and promote continued biomedical innovation. Mr. Kolchinsky holds a BA from Cornell University and a PhD in Virology from Harvard University.
Matthew Hammond, PhD, our Chief Investment Officer and member of our board of directors, joined RA Capital in 2014 and is a Principal on its investment team. Dr. Hammond works on both public and private healthcare companies and is a member of the Board of Directors of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: RACA), Cerebral Therapeutics, Inc., Kira Pharmaceuticals, and DTx Pharma. Dr. Hammond holds a BS in Environmental Health Science from the University of Georgia and both a PhD in Biomedical Science with a concentration in Neuroscience and an MBA with a concentration in Finance from the University of Connecticut.
Tess Cameron, our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors joined RA Capital in 2020 and is a Principal on its investment team. Ms. Cameron’s primary responsibility is to partner with RA Capital’s portfolio companies as a strategic finance advisor. Prior to RA, Ms. Cameron held finance leadership roles at Foghorn Therapeutics, Wave Life Sciences, and Biogen. Ms. Cameron started her career at McKinsey & Company, where she was a specialist on the corporate finance team. Ms. Cameron holds an HBA with a double major in Economics and Peace & Conflict studies from the University of Toronto, Canada.
We believe our management team is well positioned to take advantage of the growing set of investment opportunities focused on the healthcare industry, and that our extensive existing relationships with portfolio companies along with our ongoing efforts to identify investment opportunities will allow us to generate an attractive transaction for our stockholders.
Industry Opportunity
Our primary focus will be on the healthcare industry in the United States. We believe the healthcare industry, particularly the biotechnology sector, represents an enormous and growing target market with a large number of potential target acquisition opportunities. Overall, total U.S. national health expenditures grew to $3.8 trillion in 2019 and accounted for 17.7% of U.S Gross Domestic Product, and Medicare and Medicaid Services grew to represent 21% and 16%, respectively of total national health expenditures in 2019. In addition to these industry-wide dynamics in healthcare, specifically within biotechnology sector, the past decade has seen a shift in the research and development strategy of the Big Pharma companies to external innovation through licensing partnerships and strategic acquisitions, resulting in 969 M&A transactions totaling $710 billion from 2015 to 2019 according to Evaluate. Furthermore, there has been a gradual increase in U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of new drugs, from 182 in the five year period from 2011 to 2015, to 228 in the five year period from 2016 to 2020. In 2020 alone, the FDA approved 53 novel drugs, the second highest annual count in over 20 years. According to Evaluate Pharma, worldwide prescription drug sales are expected to reach nearly $1.4 trillion in 2026, representing a 7.4% 2020 – 2026 compound annual growth
 
63
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
rate. We believe that these trends present a favorable opportunity for investors in preclinical to pre-commercial companies within the biotechnology sector, which is where RA Capital has largely focused since inception.
We believe that there are major benefits for privately-held, pre-commercial stage biotechnology companies to become publicly-traded, including greater access to capital, a broader investor base, more liquid securities, and increased market awareness. An acquisition by a special purpose acquisition company with a management team that is well-known and respected by biotechnology company founders, their investors, and management teams, we believe, will become a preferred route for a high-quality private healthcare company to access the public markets. Furthermore, we believe that market volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic is likely to make such an on-ramp to the public markets even more attractive to private companies, as it promises more certainty about deal completion, a more efficient path to the public markets, and a defined investor base.
In addition, we believe that the current state of the biotechnology IPO market may enhance our ability to locate an attractive target. Approximately 310 biotechnology companies have gone public since 2015 in the United States. Despite the current level of IPO activity, according to IBISWorld, in February 2020, there were estimated to be approximately 9,500 biotechnology companies globally, only a fraction of which are publicly traded.
We believe that there is tremendous investor demand for IPOs in the biotechnology sector and that the COVID-19 pandemic has led to a renewed appreciation of the critical contributions the biotechnology sector makes to society, which in turn will continue to fuel investor demand. Given our sponsor’s track record of identifying, evaluating, and investing in leading biotechnology companies, we believe a business combination target we identify will benefit by partnering with us to go public.
Acquisition Strategy
We believe our management team is uniquely positioned within the healthcare sector to identify opportunities in healthcare, for the reasons detailed below:
▪
Outstanding track record as healthcare investors: Since the inception of its multi-stage strategy in 2012, RA Capital has invested in 174 private companies, 78 of which have gone on to become public companies or have been acquired. Recent representative investments include Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:BDTX), Eidos Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq:EIDX; acquired by BridgeBio Pharma), Everest Medicines Ltd (Hong Kong: 1952), Forma Therapeutics (Nasdaq:FMTX), iTeos Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:ITOS), Inhibrx Inc. (Nasdaq:INBX), Kinnate Biopharma Inc. (Nasdaq:KNTE), Peloton Therapeutics, Inc. (acquired by Merck & Co.), Phathom Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:PHAT), Ra Pharmaceuticals (formerly Nasdaq:RARX; acquired by UCB), Satsuma Pharmaceuticals Inc (Nasdaq:STSA), Synthorx, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq:THOR; acquired by Sanofi), Vaxcyte, Inc. (Nasdaq:PCVX), Vor Biopharma Inc. (Nasdaq:VOR) and many others.
▪
Deep fundamental scientific and industry insight and expertise through TechAtlas, RA Capital’s dedicated research platform: RA Capital’s in-house research team creates competitive landscape maps that capture intricacies of drug development across more than 100 relevant disease areas. The TechAtlas team enables RA Capital to capture, analyze, contextualize, and distill down to critical insights an enormous volume of data, which directly informs investment decisions. Since 2011 these efforts have been instrumental in building internal expertise across all major therapeutic areas, including those where no drug is currently approved, thereby helping the RA Capital’s team to proactively identify and create investment opportunities. TechAtlas is tasked with keeping RA Capital’s investment team apprised of material developments in every therapeutic area and maintaining contact with every company working on potentially compelling drug development programs. The TechAtlas domain experts rapidly put new information into context and work with the investment team to efficiently triage investment opportunities, thereby allowing the investment team to focus on the opportunities offering the highest risk-adjusted return potential.
▪
High volume of investment opportunities attributed to RA Capital’s large footprint in the industry: in 2020 RA Capital met with over 1,000 private companies and over 400 public companies, in addition to regular interactions with academic and medical experts. This level of ongoing search and evaluation is made possible by the efforts of the 30+ trained scientists on the TechAtlas team and the 15+ investment professionals on the investment team. With many technologies in a given space aspiring
 
64
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
to be better than the current standard of care, the RA Capital team focuses on determining which technologies, of all of those under development, would be the most likely to be commercially successful if all were approved.
Our selection process will combine our ongoing diligence efforts and our relationships with leading life science investment funds, executives of private and public companies, as well as leading investment banking firms, which we believe should provide us with a key competitive advantage in sourcing potential business combination targets. Given our profile and industry expertise, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investors in other private and public companies in our networks.
We believe that RA Capital’s reputation, experience, and track record of making investments in the healthcare space will make us a preferred partner for companies we would be interested in acquiring, in part because one of RA Capital’s core investing principles is to provide more than capital. RA Capital has a unique ability among biotech investors to provide to its portfolio companies the coordinated output of its entire team, including expertise across all major disease areas through proprietary internal research, strategic guidance, and operational support. For example, RA Capital’s TechAtlas team has successfully led pipeline prioritization initiatives for multiple portfolio companies, and RA Capital employees have the expertise necessary to step in to work with its portfolio companies on financial scenario planning, clinical trial design, regulatory strategy, and many other operational initiatives.
Based on RA Capital’s extensive experience as an active participant in crossover financings and subsequent initial public offerings, including in completing the successful initial public offering of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., we believe that the SPAC can serve as a faster and more efficient path to going public by combining the crossover financing and IPO into a single transaction.
Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. We may, however, decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria. We intend to seek to acquire companies that we believe:
▪
possess fundamental scientific data that indicate a drug candidate or platform is likely to generate a differentiated therapeutic for patients suffering from devastating conditions;
▪
have a well-defined path to generate further clinical data that will bring one or more drug candidates closer to FDA approval and be appreciated by the public markets and potential acquirers;
▪
are led by competent management teams and have strong corporate governance and reporting policies in place;
▪
would be funded for at least one year past a key value inflection point after consummating a merger with us;
▪
provide the potential for exceptional returns for our stockholders.
We may use other criteria as well. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
Initial Business Combination
Nasdaq rules and our certificate of incorporation require that we complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, or we are considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or an independent valuation or accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction
 
65
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable.
In addition, our sponsor has indicated an interest to purchase $30,000,000 of our shares of common stock in a private placement that would occur concurrently with the consummation of our initial business combination. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our sponsor may determine not to purchase any such shares, or to purchase fewer shares than it has indicated an interest in purchasing. Furthermore, we are not under any obligation to sell any such shares. If we sell shares to our sponsor (or any other investor) in connection with our initial business combination, the equity interest of investors in this offering in the combined company may be diluted and the market prices for our securities may be adversely affected. In addition, if the per share trading price of our shares of common stock is greater than the price per share paid in the private placement, the private placement will result in value dilution to you, in addition to the immediate dilution that you will experience in connection with the consummation of this offering.
Other Considerations
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with RA Capital or our sponsor, founders, officers, or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with RA Capital, our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Affiliates of RA Capital and members of our board of directors will directly or indirectly own founder shares and private placement shares following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers or directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
We currently do not have any specific business combination under consideration. Our officers and directors have neither individually selected nor considered a target business nor have they had any substantive discussions regarding possible target businesses among themselves or with our underwriters or other advisors. RA Capital is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination, but we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to a business combination transaction with our company. We have not (nor have any of our agents or affiliates) been approached by any candidates (or representative of any candidates) with respect to a possible acquisition transaction with our
 
66
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
company and we will not consider a business combination with any company that has already been identified to RA Capital as a suitable acquisition candidate for it, unless RA Capital, in its sole discretion, declines such potential business combination or makes available to our company a co-investment opportunity in accordance with RA Capital’s applicable existing and future policies and procedures. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, taken any substantive measure, directly or indirectly, to select or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us, nor have we engaged or retained any agent or other representative to select or locate any such acquisition candidate.
RA Capital may manage multiple investment vehicles and raise additional funds and/or successor funds in the future, which may be during the period in which we are seeking our initial business combination. These RA Capital investment entities may be seeking acquisition opportunities and related financing at any time. We may compete with any one or more of them on any given acquisition opportunity.
In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor may invest in other special purpose acquisition companies sponsored or formed by other venture capital funds similar to our sponsor. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. In addition, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.
In addition, our founders, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. In addition, our founders, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. In particular, certain of our officers and directors serve as an officer or director of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., a blank check company sponsored by RA Capital that is currently seeking its initial business combination. Moreover, our founders, officers and directors have, and will have in the future, time and attention requirements for current and future investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by RA Capital. To the extent any conflict of interest arises between, on the one hand, us and, on the other hand, investments funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by RA Capital (including, without limitation, arising as a result of certain of our founders, officers and directors being required to offer acquisition opportunities to such investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities), RA Capital and its affiliates will resolve such conflicts of interest in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing fiduciary, contractual, and other duties, and there can be no assurance that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor.
Status as a Public Company
We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through
 
67
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to become a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.
Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.
While we believe that our structure and our management team’s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.
Financial Position
With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of $125,450,000, after payment of the estimated expenses of this offering and $4,550,000 of deferred underwriting fees (or $144,267,500 after payment of $5,232,500 of deferred underwriting fees if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.
Effecting Our Initial Business Combination
General
We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering, the shares, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.
If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our shares of Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
 
68
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with any business combination target. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to select or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business, other than our officers and directors. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.
We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.
Sources of Target Businesses
Certain members of our management team have spent significant portions of their careers working with businesses in the healthcare industry, including the biotechnology sector, and have developed a wide network of professional services contacts and business relationships in that industry. The members of our board of directors also have significant executive management and public company experience with healthcare and biotechnology companies. Our process of identifying acquisition targets will leverage our management team’s unique industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities and broad and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants, restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. We expect that the collective experience, capability and network of our founders, directors and officers, combined with their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, will help to create prospective business combination opportunities.
In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions.
While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder’s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder’s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated acquisition of such target by us.
 
69
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or from making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transactions with affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth below and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
As more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our executive officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity, including private funds under the management of RA Capital and their respective portfolio companies, to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. In addition, existing and future funds managed by RA Capital and their respective portfolio companies may compete with us for business combination opportunities and if such opportunities are pursued by such entities, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. All of our executive officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.
The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination.
Lack of Business Diversification
For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
▪
subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and
 
70
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
▪
cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team
Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination
We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons.
Under Nasdaq’s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:
▪
we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) common stock that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20% of the voting power then outstanding;
▪
any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5% or more; or
▪
the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control.
The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:
▪
the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;
▪
the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote;
▪
the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;
▪
other time and budget constraints of the company; and
▪
additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders.
 
71
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Permitted Purchases of Our Securities
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act.
In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our shares may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our shares of Class A common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our shares of Class A common stock may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our Class A common stock on a national securities exchange.
Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of shares of Class A common stock) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the stockholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.
Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
Redemption Rights for Stockholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination
We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute
 
72
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares and (ii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have also agreed (A) that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares and (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, any private placement shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, if our sponsor or members of our management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
Limitations on Redemptions
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Manner of Conducting Redemptions
We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking stockholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other legal reasons.
If we held a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
▪
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and
▪
file proxy materials with the SEC.
In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.
 
73
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of Class A common stock voted, on an as converted basis, are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed to vote the founder shares and private placement shares and any public shares purchased by them during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to the founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 4,645,001, or 35.7%, of the 13,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). Each stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of a business combination.
If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
▪
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and
▪
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights or a Tender Offer
Public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to
 
74
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.
There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately $80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.
The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise their redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for them to deliver their certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an “option window” after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company’s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, they could sell their shares in the open market before actually delivering their shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become “option” rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming stockholder’s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved.
Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination.
If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.
If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of this offering.
Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
 
75
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our sponsor or members of our management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsors, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person.
We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to $100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.
If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be less than $10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims.
Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other
 
76
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriters will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.00 per share.
We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to $1,000,000 from the proceeds of this offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately $100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all
 
77
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote.
Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination and If We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination
The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
REDEMPTIONS IN
CONNECTION WITH OUR
INITIAL BUSINESS
COMBINATION
OTHER PERMITTED
PURCHASES OF PUBLIC
SHARES BY OUR AFFILIATES
REDEMPTIONS IF WE FAIL
TO COMPLETE AN INITIAL
BUSINESS COMBINATION
Calculation of redemption price
Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made in connection with a stockholder vote or pursuant to a tender offer. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share), including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
 
78
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
REDEMPTIONS IN
CONNECTION WITH OUR
INITIAL BUSINESS
COMBINATION
OTHER PERMITTED
PURCHASES OF PUBLIC
SHARES BY OUR AFFILIATES
REDEMPTIONS IF WE FAIL
TO COMPLETE AN INITIAL
BUSINESS COMBINATION
combination (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share), including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
Impact to remaining stockholders
The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable. If the permitted purchases described above are made, there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our sponsor, who will be our only remaining stockholder after such redemptions.
Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419
The following table compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419. This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering.
 
79
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
TERMS OF OUR OFFERING
TERMS UNDER A RULE 419
OFFERING
Escrow of offering proceeds
$130,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares will be deposited into a trust account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. Approximately $110,565,000 of the offering proceeds, representing the gross proceeds of this offering, would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
Investment of net proceeds
$130,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement shares held in trust will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
Receipt of interest on escrowed funds
Interest income on proceeds from the trust account to be paid to stockholders is reduced by (i) any taxes paid or payable and (ii) in the event of our liquidation for failure to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time, up to $100,000 of net interest that may be released to us should we have no or insufficient working capital to fund the costs and expenses of our dissolution and liquidation. Interest income on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to us in connection with our completion of a business combination.
Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business
Nasdaq rules and our certificate of incorporation require that we complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
 
80
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
TERMS OF OUR OFFERING
TERMS UNDER A RULE 419
OFFERING
Trading of shares issued
The shares of Class A common stock are expected to begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. No trading of the shares of Class A common stock would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the shares of Class A common stock would be held in the escrow or trust account.
Election to remain an investor
We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per-share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. We may not be required by law to hold a stockholder vote. If we are not required by law and do not otherwise decide to hold a stockholder vote, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, we hold a stockholder vote, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of Class A common stock, on an as converted basis, A prospectus containing information pertaining to the business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post-effective amendment to the company’s registration statement, to decide if they elect to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of their investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the securities are issued.
 
81
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
TERMS OF OUR OFFERING
TERMS UNDER A RULE 419
OFFERING
voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Additionally, each stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require that at least five days’ notice be given of any such stockholder meeting.
Business combination deadline
If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption If an acquisition has not been completed within 18 months after the effective date of the company’s registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors.
will completely extinguish stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
Release of funds
Except for the withdrawal of interest income to pay our income taxes, none of the funds held in trust will be released from the trust account until the earliest of: (i) the completion of our initial The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
 
82
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
TERMS OF OUR OFFERING
TERMS UNDER A RULE 419
OFFERING
business combination, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of our public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity.
Competition
In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.
Facilities
We currently maintain our executive offices at 3172 North Rainbow Blvd. #1278, Las Vegas, NV 89108. RA Capital will provide us administrative and support services free of charge. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
Employees
We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
 
83
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Periodic Reporting and Financial Information
We will register our shares of Class A common stock under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to stockholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.
We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.
Legal Proceedings
There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.
 
84
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
MANAGEMENT
Officers, Directors and Director Nominees
Our officers, directors and director nominees are as follows:
NAME
AGE
POSITION
Peter Kolchinsky, Ph.D.
44
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
Tess Cameron
35 Chief Financial Officer and Director
Matthew Hammond, Ph.D.
32
Chief Investment Officer and Director
Stephen J. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D.
67 Director
Thomas Leggett
44 Director
Peter Kolchinsky, Ph.D., 44, has been our Chief Executive Officer and board Chairman since July 2020. Mr. Kolchinsky has served as a Portfolio Manager and Managing Partner of RA Capital Management, L.P. since September 2004. Mr. Kolchinsky is active in both public and private investments in companies developing drugs, medical devices, diagnostics, and research tools. He serves as a member of the board of directors of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., Sojournix, Inc., Freenome Holdings, Inc., Wave Life Sciences Ltd. and Forma Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. He previously served as a member of the board of directors of Synthorx, Inc. and Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He served on the Board of Global Science and Technology for the National Academy of Sciences, is the author of “The Great American Drug Deal” and “The Entrepreneur’s Guide to a Biotech Startup.” He founded the non-profit No Patient Left Behind to advocate for healthcare reforms that would solve affordability and promote continued biomedical innovation. Mr. Kolchinsky holds a B.A. in Biology from Cornell University and a Ph.D. in Virology from Harvard University. We believe that Mr. Kolchinsky’s experience in the healthcare industry makes him well qualified to serve as the Chairman of our board of directors.
Tess Cameron, 35, has been our Chief Financial Officer and a Director since July 2020. Ms. Cameron is a Principal on the Investment Team at RA Capital Management and has been with RA Capital since June 2020. Prior to RA Capital, Ms. Cameron was at Foghorn Therapeutics from January 2018 to May 2020, where she was Head of Finance. Prior to Foghorn, Ms. Cameron held finance leadership roles at Wave Life Sciences Ltd. from January 2017 to January 2018 and at Biogen from March 2014 to January 2017. Prior to joining biotech/pharma, she was a specialist on the corporate finance team at McKinsey & Co. Ms. Cameron has an HBA with a double major in Economics and Peace & Conflict studies from the University of Toronto, Canada. We believe that Ms. Cameron’s financial expertise and experience in the healthcare industry makes her well qualified to serve on our board of directors.
Matthew Hammond, Ph.D., 32, has been our Chief Investment Officer and a Director since July 2020. Dr. Hammond is a Principal on the Investment Team at RA Capital Management and has been with RA Capital since December 2014. He works on both public and private healthcare companies. Dr. Hammond serves as a member of the board of directors of Therapeutics Acquisition Corp., Cerebral Therapeutics, Inc., Kira Pharmaceuticals, and DTx Pharma. Dr. Hammond holds a B.S. in Environmental Health Science from the University of Georgia and both a Ph.D. in Biomedical Science and an MBA with a concentration in Finance from the University of Connecticut. His graduate research investigated innate immune responses after intracerebral hemorrhage. We believe that Dr. Hammond’s experience in the healthcare industry makes him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.
Stephen J. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D. has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March 2021. Dr. Hoffman also currently serves on the Board of Directors of Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: DRNA) AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: ACRX), Danforth Advisors and is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Apic-Bio, Inc. Dr. Hoffman served as Chief Executive Officer and director of Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARPO) from December 2017 until October 2019. Prior to that, he served as a senior advisor to PDL BioPharma, Inc. from February 2014 until November 2017. Previously he was a managing director at Skyline Ventures, a venture capital firm, from May 2007 until February 2014. From January 2003 to March 2007, Dr. Hoffman was a general partner at TVM Capital, a venture capital firm. From 1994 to 2002, he served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Allos Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, where he remained as Chairman of the Board of Directors until it was acquired
 
85
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
by Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in September 2012. From 1990 to 1994, Dr. Hoffman completed a fellowship in clinical oncology and a residency/fellowship in dermatology, both at the University of Colorado. Dr. Hoffman was the scientific founder of Somatogen Inc., a biotechnology company that was acquired by Baxter International, Inc. in 1998, where he held the position of Vice President of Science and Technology from 1987 until 1990. Previously, Dr. Hoffman also served on the Boards of Directors of Genocea Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: GNCA), which he resigned from effective April 11, 2017, Sirtris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a pharmaceutical company that was acquired by GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE: GSK) in 2008 and Palleon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which he resigned effective November 2020. Dr. Hoffman holds a Ph.D. in bio-organic chemistry from Northwestern University and an M.D. from the University of Colorado School of Medicine. We believe that Dr. Hoffman’s scientific and business experience, including his diversified background as an executive officer, director, and venture capital investor in biopharmaceutical companies, provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a member of our Board of Directors.
Thomas Leggett has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March 2021. Mr. Leggett has served as the chief financial officer of Black Diamond Therapeutics since September 2019. Prior to joining Black Diamond, Mr. Leggett served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Axcella Health Inc., a biotechnology company, from January 2017 to August 2019. Prior to joining Axcella, Mr. Leggett served as the Treasurer and Head of Business Development Finance at Purdue Pharma L.P., a pharmaceutical company, from May 2016 to December 2017. From November 2009 to April 2016, Mr. Leggett was an Executive Director at UBS Securities LLC, an investment bank, in the Global Healthcare Group with a primary focus in the biopharmaceutical sector. Prior to UBS Securities, Mr. Leggett worked in the Global Healthcare investment banking groups at J.P. Morgan Securities and Lazard Frères & Company. Mr. Leggett holds an M.B.A. in finance from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a B.A. in Economics from Columbia University. We believe that Mr. Leggett is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his considerable qualifications, attributes and skills, including his distinguished financial background and experience in leadership roles in the biopharmaceutical industry.
Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors
Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of           , will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of           , will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of           , will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders.
Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.
Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our sponsor, upon consummation of an initial business combination and for so long as our sponsor and its permitted transferees collectively hold at least 50% of the number of shares of common stock held by the sponsor upon consummation of this offering (after giving appropriate effect to any share splits, reverse share splits or other similar corporate transactions, or any adjustment to the conversion rate of the founder shares in connection with an initial business combination), will be entitled to nominate one person for election to our board of directors.
Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.
Director Independence
Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries
 
86
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we expect to have “independent directors” as defined in Nasdaq’s listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined that Dr. Hoffman and Mr. Leggett are “independent directors” as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.
Executive Officer and Director Compensation
None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will issue 30,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination.
After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.
We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
Committees of the Board of Directors
Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below.
 
87
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Audit Committee
We have established an audit committee of the board of directors to be effective upon the effectiveness of this registration statement. Thomas Leggett, Stephen J. Hoffman and Tess Cameron will serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Leggett and Dr. Hoffman are independent. Mr. Leggett will serve as the Chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of Nasdaq and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Leggett qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise.
The audit committee is responsible for:
▪
meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems;
▪
monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;
▪
verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;
▪
inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
▪
pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;
▪
appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;
▪
determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;
▪
establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies;
▪
monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of this offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of this offering; and
▪
reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing stockholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.
Nominating Committee
We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors to be effective upon the effectiveness of this registration statement. The members of our nominating committee will be Thomas Leggett and Stephen J. Hoffman, and Mr. Leggett will serve as Chair of the nominating committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Leggett and Dr. Hoffman are independent.
The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others.
Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees
The guidelines for selecting nominees, which will be specified a charter to be adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated:
▪
should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;
▪
should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and
 
88
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
▪
should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders.
The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons.
Compensation Committee
We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors to be effective upon the effectiveness of this registration statement. The members of our compensation committee will be Stephen J. Hoffman and Thomas Leggett, and Dr. Hoffman will serve as Chair of the compensation committee.
Our board of directors has determined that each of Dr. Hoffman and Mr. Leggett are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter to be effective upon the effectiveness of this registration statement, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
▪
reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;
▪
reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;
▪
reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;
▪
implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
▪
assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
▪
approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;
▪
producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
▪
reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors.
Code of Ethics
Upon to the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.
Conflicts of Interest
In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:
▪
the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;
▪
the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and
 
89
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
▪
it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity, including private funds under the management of RA Capital and their respective portfolio companies, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. In addition, existing and future funds managed by RA Capital and their respective portfolio companies may compete with us for business combination opportunities and, if such opportunities are pursued by such entities, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and may only decide to present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity and consummating the same would not violate any restrictive covenants to which such officers and directors are subject. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations:
INDIVIDUAL
ENTITY
ENTITY’S BUSINESS
AFFILIATION
Peter Kolchinsky RA Capital Management, L.P. Investment Manager Managing Partner
Wave Life Sciences Ltd. Therapeutics Director
Sojournix, Inc. Therapeutics Director
Forma Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.
Therapeutics Director
Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. Special Purpose Acquisition Company Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
Freenome Holdings, Inc. Diagnostic Director
Tess Cameron RA Capital Management, L.P. Investment Manager Investment Principal
Avilar Therapeutics, Inc. Therapeutics Director
Matthew Hammond RA Capital Management, L.P. Investment Manager Investment Principal
Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. Special Purpose Acquisition Company Chief Financial Officer and Director
Cerebral Therapeutics, Inc. Therapeutics Director
Kira Pharmaceuticals Therapeutics Director
DTx Pharma Therapeutics Director
Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:
▪
In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
▪
Our sponsor has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by it in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination.
 
90
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by it if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering. However, if our sponsor acquires public shares in or after this offering, it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement shares held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 180 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock following this offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to complete our initial business combination.
▪
Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
▪
Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender.
The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Our administrative and support services will be provided to us free of charge by RA Capital.
In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor has agreed to vote any founder shares held by it and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination.
Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.
 
91
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification.
We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Except with respect to any public shares they may acquire in this offering or thereafter (in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination), our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever, including with respect to such indemnification (although our officers and directors will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame).
These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
We believe that these provisions, the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings
In September 2014, without admitting or denying the findings therein, RA Capital consented to the entry of an Order issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission finding that RA Capital violated Rule 105 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act (“Rule 105”) on 17 occasions.
RA Capital, an affiliated fund, and Peter Kolchinsky (together, the “RA Capital Parties”) were named as defendants in four litigations brought pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) to recover so-called “short-swing” profits: Donoghue v. Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., No. 1:14-CV-08353-PAC (S.D.N.Y.), into which was consolidated Roth v. RA Capital Management, LLC, No. 1:14-CV-08594-PAC (S.D.N.Y.) (together, the “Donoghue Litigation”); Sangamo Biosciences, Inc. v. RA Capital Healthcare Fund, L.P., No. 1:15-CV-03004-PAC (S.D.N.Y.) (the “Sangamo Litigation”); and Roth v. RA Capital Management, LLC, No. 1:15-CV-04928-WHP (S.D.N.Y.) (the “Roth Litigation”). The Donoghue Litigation was resolved pursuant to an order and final judgment entered on July 13, 2015, which did not find any violation of any law and dismissed the litigation and in connection with the RA Capital Parties were required to pay $9,400,000. The Sangamo Litigation was resolved pursuant to an order and final judgment entered on August 20, 2015, which did not find any violation of any law and dismissed the litigation and in connection with the RA Capital Parties were required to pay $13,125,000. The Roth Litigation was resolved pursuant to an order and final judgment entered on March 15, 2016, which did not find any violation of any law and dismissed the litigation and in connection with the RA Capital Parties were required to pay $12,750,000.
 
92
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our shares of Class A common stock included in the shares offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of shares in this offering, by:
▪
each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock;
▪
each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees that beneficially owns common stock; and
▪
all our executive officers and directors as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our common stock beneficially owned by them.
On July 23, 2020, we issued to our sponsor 3,737,500 founder shares (of which, 487,500 are subject to forfeiture if the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option) in exchange for a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.01 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The post-offering percentages in the following table assume that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option and that there are 16,710,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding after this offering.
NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER(1)
NUMBER OF
SHARES
BENEFICIALLY
OWNED(2)
APPROXIMATE
PERCENTAGE OF
OUTSTANDING
COMMON STOCK
BEFORE
OFFERING (4)
AFTER
OFFERING
Research Alliance Holdings II LLC (our sponsor)(3)
3,250,000 100.00
%
20.0
%
Peter Kolchinsky Ph.D.
— — —
Tess Cameron(3)
— — —
Matthew Hammond Ph.D.
— — —
Stephen J. Hoffman M.D., Ph.D.
— — —
Thomas Leggett
— — —
All officers, directors and director nominees as a group (3 individuals)
— —
%
—
*
Less than one percent.
(1)
Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our stockholders is 3172 North Rainbow Blvd. #1278, Las Vegas, NV 89108.
(2)
Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock, and 460,000 private placement shares to be sold in the private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination as described in the section entitled “Description of Securities.”
(3)
Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Tess Cameron is the manager of Research Alliance Holdings II LLC, and as such, has voting and investment discretion with respect to the shares of common stock held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our sponsor. Ms. Cameron disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest she may have therein, directly or indirectly.
(4)
This reflects the forfeiture of the 487,500 shares. Immediately after this offering, our sponsor and certain of our directors will beneficially own 20% of the then issued and outstanding common stock (excluding the private placement shares and assuming they do not purchase any shares in this offering). Because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination.
Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and private placement shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or private placement shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination.
 
93
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Our sponsor is deemed to be our “promoter” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.
Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares
The founder shares, private placement shares and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreements entered into by our sponsor and management team. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares or private placement shares until the earliest of (a) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (b) upon consummation of our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 180 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. The private placement shares are not transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, to our sponsor, any members or partners of our sponsor or their affiliates, or any affiliates of our sponsor; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual’s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual’s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, private placement shares or shares of Class A common stock were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of our sponsor’s organizational documents upon liquidation or dissolution of our sponsor; (g) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination; (h) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements.
Registration Rights
The holders of the (i) founder shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of this offering, (ii) private placement shares, which will be issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering and (iii) private placement shares that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement and assuming the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full and $1.5 million of working capital loans are converted into private placement shares, we will be obligated to register up to 3,737,500 shares of Class A common stock and 1,460,000 private placement shares. The number of shares of Class A common stock includes (i) 3,737,500 shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon conversion of the founder shares, (ii) 460,000 shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion of the private placement shares issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering and (iii) 1,000,000 shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion of the private placement shares issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The holders of these shares are entitled to make unlimited demands that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. However, the registration and stockholder rights agreement will provide that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs in the case of the founder shares and private placement shares, as described elsewhere in this prospectus. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
 
94
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
On July 23, 2020, we issued 3,737,500 founder shares to our sponsor in exchange for a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.01 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering (excluding the private placement shares). If we increase or decrease the size of the offering, we will effect a share capitalization or a share surrender or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our shares of Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our sponsor and certain of our directors (and other permitted transferees, if any) at 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering (excluding the private placement shares). Up to 487,500 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised. The founder shares (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.
Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase 460,000 shares of Class A common stock (or 499,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per share in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of $4,600,000 (or $4,990,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. The private placement shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus.
As more fully discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.
No compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
Our sponsor may loan us funds to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans would be non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of the closing of this offering or the date on which we determine not to consummate this offering. The loan would be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the estimated $1,000,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully
 
95
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
We will enter into a registration and stockholder rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor, and it permitted transferees, if any, will be entitled to certain registration rights upon conversion of the founder shares and private placement shares.
Further, upon consummation of our initial business combination and for so long as our sponsor and its permitted transferees collectively hold at least 50% of the number of common stock held by the sponsor upon consummation of this offering (after giving appropriate effect to any share splits, reverse share splits or other similar corporate transactions, or any adjustment to the conversion rate of the founder shares in connection with an initial business combination), our sponsor will be entitled to nominate one person for election to our board of directors, which is described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Registration and Stockholder Rights.”
Our sponsor has indicated an interest to purchase an aggregate of up to $30,000,000 of our common stock in a private placement that would occur concurrently with the consummation of our initial business combination. The funds from such private placement would be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, and any excess funds from such private placement would be used for working capital in the post-transaction company. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our sponsor may determine not to purchase any such shares, or to purchase fewer shares than it has indicated an interest in purchasing. Furthermore, we are not under any obligation to sell any such shares. Such investment would be made on terms and conditions determined at the time of the business combination.
We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement shares, which is described under the heading “Principal Stockholders — Registration Rights.”
Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions
The audit committee of our board of directors will adopt a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of “related party transactions,” which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee’s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction.
 
96
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
DESCRIPTION OF SHARES
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which will be adopted upon the consummation of this offering, we will be authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, as well as 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
Common Stock
Upon the closing of this offering, 16,710,000 shares of our common stock will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of 487,500 founder shares held by our sponsor), consisting of:
▪
13,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock being offered in this offering;
▪
460,000 shares of Class A common stock being offered in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering; and
▪
3,250,000 shares of Class B common stock held by our sponsor.
If we increase or decrease the size of the offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our shares of Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of founder shares by our initial stockholders prior to this offering at 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering (excluding the private placement shares).
Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. With respect to any matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law or the applicable rules of Nasdaq then in effect, holders of our shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporate Law, or the DGCL, or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of Class A common stock, on an as converted basis, entitled to vote on any matters that are voted on such matter is required to approve any such matter. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.
Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination.
In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting.
We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly
 
97
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination. However, if our sponsor or directors or executive officers acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our sponsor or its advisors or affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our stockholders’ inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination, our sponsor has agreed to vote its founder shares and any public shares purchased by it during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to the founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 4,645,001, or 35.7%, of the 13,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph).
 
98
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares or private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our sponsor, directors or executive officers acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period.
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.
Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares
The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock being sold in this offering, and holders of the founder shares and private placement shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares and private placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) holders of the founder shares and private placement shares have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination, (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares or private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within such time period, (C) not to propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or at any time prior thereto at the option of such holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein and (iv) are subject to registration rights. If we submit our business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, holders of the founder shares and private placement shares have agreed to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of the business combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B common
 
99
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless holders of such shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders) (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination and the private placement shares). Holders of the founder shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time.
With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares and private placement shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Preferred Stock
There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Our certificate of incorporation filed with the State of Delaware will authorize the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock. However, the underwriting agreement prohibits us, prior to a business combination, from issuing preferred stock which participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or which votes as a class with the common stock on our initial business combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred stock to effect our initial business combination. In addition, the preferred stock could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we reserve the right to do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering.
Dividends
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase the size of this offering, then we will effect a share capitalization with respect to our founder shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares at 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering (excluding the private placement shares). Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
Our Transfer Agent
The transfer agent for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity.
 
100
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 65% of all then outstanding shares of our common stock. Holders of the founder shares, who beneficially owns 20% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (excluding the private placement shares and assuming such holders do not purchase any shares in this offering), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses.
Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that:
▪
If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to fund our working capital requirements (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the requirements of other applicable law;
▪
Prior to our initial business combination, other than the private placement shares we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions;
▪
Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;
▪
If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. Whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above;
▪
We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;
▪
If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes and up to $100,000
 
101
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
of interest to pay dissolution expenses, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and
▪
We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriters’ commission.
Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws
We will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a “business combination” with:
▪
a stockholder who owns 10% or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an “interested stockholder”);
▪
an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or
▪
an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.
A “business combination” includes a merger or sale of more than 10% of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:
▪
our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an “interested stockholder,” prior to the date of the transaction;
▪
after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or
▪
on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.
Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require , unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange
 
102
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Special Meeting of Stockholders
Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our chief executive officer or by our chairman.
Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations
Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.
Authorized but Unissued Shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock
Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.
Securities Eligible for Future Sale
Immediately after this offering we will have 16,710,000 shares of Class A common stock (or 19,186,500 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering (13,000,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and 14,950,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares of Class A common stock purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the founder shares (3,250,000 founder shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and 3,737,500 founder shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) and all of the private placement shares (460,000 private placement shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised and 499,000 private placement shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.
Rule 144
Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.
Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:
▪
1% of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 167,100 shares immediately after this offering (or 191,865 shares if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or
 
103
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
▪
the average weekly reported trading volume of the shares of Class A common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:
▪
the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
▪
the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
▪
the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and
▪
at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
As a result, our sponsor, directors and executive officers will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement shares pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.
Registration and Stockholder Rights
The holders of the founder shares and private placement shares will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make unlimited demands that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and stockholder rights agreement will provide that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs in the case of the founder shares and private placement shares, as described in the following paragraph. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares or private placement shares until (a) one year after the completion of our initial business combination, or (b) following the completion of the Company’s initial business combination, the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares or private placement shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares and private placement shares will be released from the lock-up.
Listing of Securities
We intend to apply to have our Class A common stock listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “RACB.”
 
104
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
The following is a discussion of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our shares of Class A common stock, which we refer to as our securities. This discussion applies only to securities that are held as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is applicable only to holders who purchased shares of Class A common stock in this offering.
This discussion is a summary only and does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, including but not limited to the alternative minimum tax, the Medicare tax on certain investment income and the different consequences that may apply if you are subject to special rules that apply to certain types of investors, including but not limited to:
▪
financial institutions or financial services entities;
▪
broker-dealers;
▪
governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof;
▪
regulated investment companies;
▪
real estate investment trusts;
▪
expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States.;
▪
persons that actually or constructively own five percent or more of our voting shares;
▪
insurance companies;
▪
dealers or traders subject to a mark-to-market method of accounting with respect to the securities;
▪
persons holding the securities as part of a “straddle,” hedge, integrated transaction or similar transaction;
▪
U.S. holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;
▪
partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any beneficial owners of such entities; and
▪
tax-exempt entities.
If you are a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of your partners will generally depend on the status of the partners and your activities.
This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations as of the date hereof, which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis, and changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this prospectus may affect the tax consequences described herein. This discussion does not address any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. taxation, or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes (such as gift and estate taxes).
We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the discussion herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion. You are urged to consult your tax advisor with respect to the application of U.S. federal tax laws to your particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign jurisdiction.
 
105
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Personal Holding Company Status
We could be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company, or PHC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50% of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents).
At least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income, depending on the date and size of our initial business combination. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, more than 50% of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not be a PHC following this offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20%, on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments.
U.S. Holders
This section applies to you if you are a “U.S. holder.” A U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of our shares of Class A common stock who or that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
▪
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;
▪
a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; or
▪
an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or
▪
a trust, if (i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in the Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person.
Taxation of Distributions.   If we pay distributions in cash or other property (other than certain distributions of our stock or rights to acquire our stock) to U.S. holders of shares of our Class A common stock, such distributions generally will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will constitute a return of capital that will be applied against and reduce (but not below zero) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in our shares of Class A common stock. Any remaining excess will be treated as gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the shares of Class A common stock and will be treated as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock” below.
Dividends we pay to a U.S. holder that is a taxable corporation generally will qualify for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding period is satisfied. With certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations), and provided certain holding period requirements are met, dividends we pay to a non-corporate U.S. holder may constitute “qualified dividends” that will be subject to tax at the maximum tax rate accorded to long-term capital gains. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the shares of Class A common stock described in this prospectus may prevent a U.S. holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements with respect to the dividends received deduction or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income, as the case may be. If the holding period requirements are not satisfied, then a corporation may not be able to qualify for the dividends received deduction and would have taxable income equal to the entire dividend amount, and non-corporate holders may be subject to tax on such dividend at regular ordinary
 
106
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
income tax rates instead of the preferential rate that applies to qualified dividend income. A U.S. holder should consult with its own tax advisor regarding their applicable holding period for these purposes.
Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Shares of Class A Common Stock. Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our shares of Class A common stock which, in general, would include a redemption of shares of Class A common stock that is treated as a sale of such securities as described below, and including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period, a U.S. holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares of Class A common stock. Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder’s holding period for the shares of Class A common stock so disposed of exceeds one year. It is unclear, however, whether the redemption rights with respect to the shares of Class A common stock described in this prospectus may suspend the running of the applicable holding period for this purpose. If the running of the holding period for the shares of Class A common stock is suspended, then non-corporate U.S. holders may not be able to satisfy the one-year holding period requirement for long-term capital gain treatment, in which case any gain on a sale or taxable disposition of the shares would be subject to short-term capital gain treatment and would be taxed at regular ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. holders will be eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Generally, the amount of gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder is an amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition and (ii) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of Class A common stock so disposed of. A U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of Class A common stock generally will equal the U.S. holder’s acquisition cost less any prior distributions treated as a return of capital.
Redemption of Shares of Class A Common Stock.   In the event that a U.S. holder’s shares of Class A common stock is redeemed pursuant to the redemption provisions described in this prospectus under the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Shares — Common Stock” or if we purchase a U.S. holder’s shares of Class A common stock in an open market transaction, the treatment of the transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on whether the redemption qualifies as a sale of the shares of Class A common stock under Section 302 of the Code. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of common stock, the U.S. holder will be treated as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Shares of Class A Common Stock” above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of common stock, the U.S. holder will be treated as receiving a corporate distribution with the tax consequences described above under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions”. Whether a redemption qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares of our stock treated as held by the U.S. holder (including any stock constructively owned by the U.S. holder) relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after the redemption. The redemption of shares of Class A common stock generally will be treated as a sale of the shares of Class A common stock (rather than as a corporate distribution) if the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to the U.S. holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of the U.S. holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to the U.S. holder. These tests are explained more fully below.
In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. holder takes into account not only stock actually owned by the U.S. holder, but also shares of our stock that are constructively owned by it. A U.S. holder may constructively own, in addition to stock owned directly, stock owned by certain related individuals and entities in which the U.S. holder has an interest or that have an interest in such U.S. holder, as well as any stock the U.S. holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately following the redemption of shares of Class A common stock must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately before the redemption. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. holder’s interest if either (i) all of the shares of our stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder are redeemed or (ii) all of the shares of our stock actually owned by the U.S. holder are redeemed and the U.S. holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of stock owned by certain family members and the U.S. holder does not constructively
 
107
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
own any other shares of our stock. The redemption of the shares of Class A common stock will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if the redemption or purchase by us results in a “meaningful reduction” of the U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority stockholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” A U.S. holder should consult with its own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of a redemption.
If none of the foregoing tests are satisfied, then the redemption will be treated as a corporate distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis of the U.S. holder in the redeemed shares of Class A common stock will be added to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its remaining stock, or, if it has none, possibly to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in other stock constructively owned by it.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding.   In general, information reporting requirements may apply to dividends paid to a U.S. holder and to the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of our shares of Class A common stock, unless the U.S. holder is an exempt recipient. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if the U.S. holder fails to provide a taxpayer identification number, a certification of exempt status or has been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup withholding (and such notification has not been withdrawn).
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against a U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
Non-U.S. Holders
This section applies to you if you are a “Non-U.S. holder.” As used herein, the term “Non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of our shares of Class A common stock who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
▪
a non-resident alien individual (other than certain former citizens and residents of the United States subject to U.S. tax as expatriates);
▪
a foreign corporation or
▪
an estate or trust that is not a U.S. holder;
but generally does not include an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition. If you are such an individual, you should consult your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or sale or other disposition of our securities.
Taxation of Distributions.   In general, any distributions we make to a Non-U.S. holder of shares of our Class A common stock, to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, provided such dividends are not effectively connected with the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States, we will be required to withhold tax from the gross amount of the dividend at a rate of 30%, unless such Non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable income tax treaty and provides proper certification of its eligibility for such reduced rate (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E). Any distribution not constituting a dividend will be treated first as reducing (but not below zero) the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our Class A common stock and, to the extent such distribution exceeds the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis, as gain realized from the sale or other disposition of the shares of Class A common stock, which will be treated as described under “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Shares of Class A Common Stock” below. In addition, if we determine that we are likely to be classified as a “U.S. real property holding corporation” (see “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Shares of Class A Common Stock” below), we will withhold 15% of any distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits.
The withholding tax does not apply to dividends paid to a Non-U.S. holder who provides a Form W-8ECI, certifying that the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States. Instead, the effectively connected dividends will be subject to regular U.S. income tax as if the Non-U.S. holder were a U.S. resident, subject to an applicable income tax treaty providing otherwise.
 
108
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
A Non-U.S. corporation receiving effectively connected dividends may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” imposed at a rate of 30% (or a lower treaty rate).
Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Shares of Class A Common Stock.   A Non-U.S. holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax in respect of gain recognized on a sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of our shares of Class A common stock, which would include a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, unless:
▪
the gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the Non-U.S. holder within the United States (and, under certain income tax treaties, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the Non-U.S. holder); or
▪
we are or have been a “U.S. real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of disposition or the period that the Non-U.S. holder held our shares of Class A common stock, and, in the case where shares of our shares of Class A common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market, the Non-U.S. holder has owned, directly or constructively, more than 5% of our shares of Class A common stock at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the disposition or such Non-U.S. holder’s holding period for the shares of our Class A common stock. There can be no assurance that our shares of Class A common stock will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for this purpose.
Unless an applicable treaty provides otherwise, gain described in the first bullet point above will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates as if the Non-U.S. holder were a U.S. resident. Any gains described in the first bullet point above of a Non-U.S. holder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate (or lower treaty rate).
If the second bullet point above applies to a Non-U.S. holder, gain recognized by such holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition of our shares of Class A common stock will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of our shares of Class A common stock from such holder may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 15% of the amount realized upon such disposition. We cannot determine whether we will be a “United States real property holding corporation” in the future until we complete an initial business combination. We will be classified as a U.S. real property holding corporation if the fair market value of our “United States real property interests” equals or exceeds 50 percent of the sum of the fair market value of our worldwide real property interests plus our other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Redemption of Shares of Class A Common Stock.   The characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of a Non-U.S. holder’s shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the redemption provisions described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Shares — Common Stock” generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of such a redemption of a U.S. holder’s shares of Class A common stock, as described under “U.S. Holders — Redemption of Shares of Class A Common Stock” above, and the consequences of the redemption to the Non-U.S. holder will be as described above under “Non-U.S. holders — Taxation of Distributions” and “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Shares of Class A Common Stock,” as applicable. It is possible that because the applicable withholding agent may not be able to determine the proper characterization of a redemption of a Non-U.S. holder’s shares of Class A common stock, the withholding agent might treat the redemption as a distribution subject to withholding tax.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding.   Information returns will be filed with the IRS in connection with payments of dividends and the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our shares of Class A common stock. A Non-U.S. holder may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that it is not a United States person in order to avoid information reporting and backup withholding requirements. The certification procedures required to claim a reduced rate of withholding under a treaty will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid the backup withholding as well. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a Non-U.S. holder will be allowed as a credit against such holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
 
109
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
FATCA Withholding Taxes.   Provisions commonly referred to as “FATCA” impose withholding of 30% on payments of dividends on our shares of Class A common stock to “foreign financial institutions” (which is broadly defined for this purpose and in general includes investment vehicles) and certain other Non-U.S. entities, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (generally relating to ownership by U.S. persons of interests in or accounts with those entities) have been satisfied by, or an exemption applies to, the payee (typically certified as to by the delivery of a properly completed IRS Form W-8BEN-E). The IRS has issued proposed regulations (on which taxpayers may rely until final regulations are issued) that would generally not apply these withholding requirements to gross proceeds from sales or other disposition proceeds from our shares of Class A common stock. Foreign financial institutions located in jurisdictions that have an intergovernmental agreement with the United States governing FATCA may be subject to different rules. Under certain circumstances, a Non-U.S. holder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such withholding taxes, and a Non-U.S. holder might be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return to claim such refunds or credits. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the effects of FATCA on their investment in our securities.
 
110
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
UNDERWRITING
Jefferies LLC is acting as sole book-running manager of the offering and as representative of the underwriters named below. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the underwriting agreement between us and Jefferies LLC, we have agreed to sell to the underwriters, and each of the underwriters has agreed, severally and not jointly, to purchase from us, the respective number of shares of Class A common stock shown opposite its name below:
UNDERWRITER
NUMBER OF SHARES
OF CLASS A
COMMON STOCK
Jefferies LLC
Total
13,000,000
The underwriting agreement will provide that the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the shares included in this offering are subject to all applicable laws and regulations and certain conditions precedent such as the receipt by the underwriters of officers’ certificates and legal opinions and approval of certain legal matters by their counsel. The underwriting agreement will provide that the underwriters will purchase all of the shares if any of them are purchased (other than those covered by the over-allotment option described below). We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters and certain of their controlling persons against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and to contribute to payments that the underwriters may be required to make in respect of those liabilities.
The underwriters have advised us that, following the completion of this offering, they currently intend to make a market in the shares as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. However, the underwriters are not obligated to do so, and the underwriters may discontinue any market-making activities at any time without notice in their sole discretion. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the liquidity of the trading market for the shares, that you will be able to sell any of the shares held by you at a particular time or that the prices that you receive when you sell will be favorable.
The underwriters are offering the shares subject to their acceptance of the shares from us and subject to prior sale. The underwriters reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to the public and to reject orders in whole or in part. In addition, the underwriters have advised us that they do not intend to confirm sales to any account over which they exercise discretionary authority.
Commission and Expenses
The underwriters have advised us that they propose to offer the shares to the public at the initial public offering price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus and to certain dealers, which may include the underwriters, at that price less a concession not in excess of $      per share. The underwriters may allow, and certain dealers may reallow, a discount from the concession not in excess of $      per share to certain brokers and dealers. After the offering, the initial public offering price, concession and reallowance to dealers may be reduced by the representative. No such reduction will change the amount of proceeds to be received by us as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
 
111
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
The following table shows the public offering price, the underwriting discounts and commissions that we are to pay the underwriters and the proceeds, before expenses, to us in connection with this offering. Such amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares.
PAID BY RESEARCH ALLIANCE CORP. II(2)
NO EXERCISE
FULL EXERCISE
Per Share(1)
$ 0.55 $ 0.55
Total(1)(2) $ 7,150,000 $ 8,222,500
(1)
$0.20 per share, or $2,600,000 in the aggregate (or $2,990,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares is exercised in full), is payable upon the closing of this offering. $0.35 per share, or $4,550,000 in the aggregate (or $5,232,500 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares is exercised in full) payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions will be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein. The deferred underwriting commissions will be released to the underwriters only on and concurrently with completion of an initial business combination. Up to 20% of the total amount of the deferred underwriting commissions may be re-allocated among the underwriters or paid to other FINRA members that assist us in identifying or consummating our initial business combination.
(2)
The underwriters will not receive any underwriting discounts or commissions on up to 10% of the shares sold in this offering if they are purchased by the sponsor or any of its affiliates under common control.
If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the underwriters have agreed that (i) they will forfeit any rights or claims to their deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, including any accrued interest thereon, then in the trust account and (ii) the deferred underwriters’ discounts and commissions will be distributed on a pro rata basis, together with any accrued interest thereon (which interest will be net of taxes payable) to the public stockholders.
We estimate expenses payable by us in connection with this offering, other than the underwriting discounts and commissions referred to above, will be approximately $1,000,000. We have agreed to pay fees and expenses of the representative and the underwriters’ legal counsel, not to exceed $150,000 in the aggregate without our prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld) and have agreed to provide Jefferies LLC with a right of first refusal to provide investment banking services in connection with certain future transactions.
Determination of Offering Price
Prior to this offering, there has not been a public market for our Class A common stock. Consequently, the initial public offering price for our shares was determined by negotiations between us and the representative. Among the factors considered in these negotiations were the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies, prior offerings of those companies, our management, our capital structure, and currently prevailing general conditions in equity securities markets, including current market valuations of publicly traded companies considered comparable to our company.
We offer no assurances that the initial public offering price will correspond to the price at which the shares will trade in the public market subsequent to the offering or that an active trading market for the shares will develop and continue after the offering.
Listing
We intend to apply to have our shares listed on Nasdaq under the trading symbol “RACB.”
Option to Purchase Additional Shares
We have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase, from time to time, in whole or in part, up to an aggregate of 1,950,000 shares from us at the public offering price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, less underwriting discounts and commissions. If the underwriters exercise this option, each underwriter will be obligated, subject to specified conditions, to purchase a number of additional shares proportionate to that underwriter’s initial purchase commitment as indicated in the table above. This option may be exercised only if the underwriters sell more shares than the total number set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
Letter Agreement
We, our sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed that, for a period of 180 days from the date of this prospectus, we and they will not, without the prior written consent of Jefferies LLC, offer, sell, contract to
 
112
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
sell, grant any option to sell (including any short sale), pledge, transfer, establish an open “put equivalent option” within the meaning of Rule 16a-l(h) under the Exchange Act, as amended, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, shares of common stock currently or hereafter owned either of record or beneficially, or publicly announce an intention to do any of the foregoing; provided, however, that we may (1) issue and sell the private placement shares, (2) issue and sell the additional shares to cover our underwriters’ over-allotment option (if any), (3) register with the SEC pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the shares in this offering, the founder shares and the private placement shares and (4) issue securities in connection with an initial business combination. Jefferies LLC in its sole discretion may release any of the shares of common stock subject to these letter agreements at any time without notice.
Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares or private placement shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the reported closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (except as described herein under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares”). Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up.
Stabilization
The underwriters have advised us that they, pursuant to Regulation M under the Exchange Act, as amended, and certain persons participating in the offering may engage in short sale transactions, purchases to cover short positions, which may include purchases pursuant to the over-allotment option, stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions or the imposition of penalty bids in connection with this offering. These activities may have the effect of stabilizing or maintaining the market price of the shares at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. Establishing short sales positions may involve either “covered” short sales or “naked” short sales.
“Covered” short sales are sales made in an amount not greater than the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares in this offering. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their option to purchase additional shares or purchasing shares in the open market. In determining the source of shares to close out the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of shares available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase shares through the option to purchase additional shares.
“Naked” short sales are sales in excess of the option to purchase additional shares. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing shares in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of our shares in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering.
A stabilizing bid is a bid for the purchase of shares on behalf of the underwriters for the purpose of fixing or maintaining the price of the shares. A syndicate covering transaction is the bid for or the purchase of shares on behalf of the underwriters to reduce a short position incurred by the underwriters in connection with the offering. Similar to other purchase transactions, the underwriter’s purchases to cover the syndicate short sales may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our shares or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our shares. As a result, the price of our shares may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the open market. A penalty bid is an arrangement permitting the underwriters to reclaim the selling concession otherwise accruing to a syndicate member in connection with the offering if the shares originally sold by such syndicate member are purchased in a syndicate covering transaction and therefore have not been effectively placed by such syndicate member.
 
113
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Neither we nor any of the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our shares. The underwriters are not obligated to engage in these activities and, if commenced, any of the activities may be discontinued at any time.
The underwriters may also engage in passive market making transactions in our shares on Nasdaq in accordance with Rule 103 of Regulation M during a period before the commencement of offers or sales of our shares in this offering and extending through the completion of distribution. A passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent bid of that security. However, if all independent bids are lowered below the passive market maker’s bid, that bid must then be lowered when specified purchase limits are exceeded.
Electronic Distribution
A prospectus in electronic format may be made available by e-mail or on the web sites or through online services maintained by one or more of the underwriters or their affiliates. In those cases, prospective investors may view offering terms online and may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific number of shares for sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online distributions will be made by the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on the underwriters’ web sites and any information contained in any other web site maintained by any of the underwriters is not part of this prospectus, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or the underwriters and should not be relied upon by investors.
Other Activities and Relationships
We have granted Jefferies LLC a right of first refusal to provide certain advisory services and participate in certain future financings for a period of not more than three years from the date of commencement of sales of this offering. Otherwise, we are not under any contractual obligation to engage the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so but we may do so at our discretion. However, the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future including by acting as a placement agent in a private offering or underwriting or arranging debt financing. If the underwriters provides services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriters fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriter and no fees for such services will be paid to the underwriters prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriter’s’ compensation in connection with this offering and we may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which it is affiliated a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination. Any fees we may pay the underwriters or their affiliates for services rendered to us after this offering may be contingent on the completion of a business combination and may include non-cash compensation. The underwriters or their affiliates that provide these services to us may have a potential conflict of interest given that the underwriters are entitled to the deferred portion of their underwriting compensation for this offering only if an initial business combination is completed within the specified timeframe.
The underwriters and certain of their affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The underwriters and certain of their affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various commercial and investment banking and financial advisory services for us and our affiliates, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses.
In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and certain of their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments issued by us and our affiliates. The underwriters and certain of their respective affiliates may also communicate independent investment recommendations, market color or trading ideas and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
 
114
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Selling Restrictions
Canada
Resale Restrictions
The distribution of the securities in Canada is being made only in the provinces of Ontario, Quebec, Alberta and British Columbia on a private placement basis exempt from the requirement that we prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in each province where trades of these securities are made. Any resale of the securities in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws, which may vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of the securities.
Representations of Canadian Purchasers
By purchasing the securities in Canada and accepting delivery of a purchase confirmation, a purchaser is representing to us and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that:
▪
the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase the securities without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws as it is an “accredited investor” as defined under National Instrument 45-106 — Prospectus Exemptions;
▪
the purchaser is a “permitted client” as defined in National Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations;
▪
where required by law, the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent; and
▪
the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions.
Statutory Rights of Action
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if the prospectus (including any amendment thereto) such as this document contains a misrepresentation; provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser of these securities in Canada should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Enforcement of Legal Rights
All of our directors and officers, as well as the experts named herein, may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon us or those persons. All or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those persons may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada.
Taxation and Eligibility for Investment
Canadian purchasers of the securities should consult their own legal and tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the securities in their particular circumstances and about the eligibility of the securities for investment by the purchaser under relevant Canadian legislation.
Australia
This prospectus is not a disclosure document for the purposes of Australia’s Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia, or Corporations Act, has not been lodged with the Australian Securities & Investments Commission and is only directed to the categories of exempt persons set out below. Accordingly, if you receive this prospectus in Australia:
You confirm and warrant that you are either:
▪
a “sophisticated investor” under section 708(8)(a) or (b) of the Corporations Act;
▪
a “sophisticated investor” under section 708(8)(c) or (d) of the Corporations Act and that you have provided an accountant’s certificate to the Company which complies with the requirements of section 708(8)(c)(i) or (ii) of the Corporations Act and related regulations before the offer has been made;
 
115
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
▪
a person associated with the Company under Section 708(12) of the Corporations Act; or
▪
a “professional investor” within the meaning of section 708(11)(a) or (b) of the Corporations Act.
To the extent that you are unable to confirm or warrant that you are an exempt sophisticated investor, associated person or professional investor under the Corporations Act any offer made to you under this prospectus is void and incapable of acceptance.
You warrant and agree that you will not offer any of the securities issued to you pursuant to this prospectus for resale in Australia within 12 months of those securities being issued unless any such resale offer is exempt from the requirement to issue a disclosure document under section 708 of the Corporations Act.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (each a “Relevant State”), no shares of Class A common stock have been offered or will be offered pursuant to this offering to the public in that Relevant State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the shares of Class A common stock which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that offers of shares of Class A common stock may be made to the public in that Relevant State at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
(a)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriters; or
(c)
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of shares of Class A common stock shall require us or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and each person who initially acquires any shares of Class A common stock or to whom any offer is made will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed to and with each of the underwriters and the company that it is a “qualified investor” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. In the case of any shares of Class A common stock being offered to a financial intermediary as that term is used in the Prospectus Regulation, each such financial intermediary will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that the shares of Class A common stock acquired by it in the offer have not been acquired on a non-discretionary basis on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, persons in circumstances which may give rise to an offer of any shares of Class A common stock to the public other than their offer or resale in a Relevant State to qualified investors as so defined or in circumstances in which the prior consent of the underwriters have been obtained to each such proposed offer or resale.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to shares of Class A common stock in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any shares of Class A common stock to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any shares of Class A common stock, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom
In addition, in the United Kingdom, this document is being distributed only to, and is directed only at, and any offer subsequently made may only be directed at persons who are “qualified investors” (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “Order”) and/or (ii) who are high net worth companies (or persons to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated) falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”) or otherwise in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in an offer to the public of Class A common stock in the United Kingdom within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
 
116
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the information included in this document or use it as basis for taking any action. In the United Kingdom, any investment or investment activity that this document relates to may be made or taken exclusively by relevant persons.
Hong Kong
No securities have been offered or sold, and no securities may be offered or sold, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than to persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures, whether as principal or agent; or to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (“SFO”) and any rules made under that ordinance; or in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (“CO”) or which do not constitute an offer or invitation to the public for the purpose of the CO or the SFO. No document, invitation or advertisement relating to the securities has been issued or may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance.
This prospectus has not been registered with the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong. Accordingly, this prospectus may not be issued, circulated or distributed in Hong Kong, and the securities may not be offered for subscription to members of the public in Hong Kong. Each person acquiring the securities will be required, and is deemed by the acquisition of the securities, to confirm that he is aware of the restriction on offers of the securities described in this prospectus and the relevant offering documents and that he is not acquiring, and has not been offered any securities in circumstances that contravene any such restrictions.
Israel
This document does not constitute a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968, or the Israel Securities Law, and has not been filed with or approved by the Israel Securities Authority. In Israel, this prospectus is being distributed only to, and is directed only at, and any offer of the shares is directed only at, (i) a limited number of persons in accordance with the Israeli Securities Law and (ii) investors listed in the first addendum, or the Addendum, to the Israeli Securities Law, consisting primarily of joint investment in trust funds, provident funds, insurance companies, banks, portfolio managers, investment advisors, members of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, underwriters, venture capital funds, entities with equity in excess of NIS 50 million and “qualified individuals,” each as defined in the Addendum (as it may be amended from time to time), collectively referred to as qualified investors (in each case, purchasing for their own account or, where permitted under the Addendum, for the accounts of their clients who are investors listed in the Addendum). Qualified investors are required to submit written confirmation that they fall within the scope of the Addendum, are aware of the meaning of same and agree to it.
Japan
The offering has not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948 of Japan, as amended) (“FIEL”), and the underwriters will not offer or sell any securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Singapore
This prospectus has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the securities be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, or the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a)
 
117
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Company has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the shares are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Where the securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
▪
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
▪
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
▪
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
▪
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
▪
where the transfer is by operation of law;
▪
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
▪
as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and Debentures) Regulations 2005 of Singapore.
Switzerland
The securities may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This prospectus has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the securities or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Company or the securities have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this prospectus will not be filed with, and the offer of securities will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and the offer of securities has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of securities.
LEGAL MATTERS
Goodwin Procter LLP, Boston, Massachusetts will pass upon the validity of the shares of Class A common stock offered in this prospectus. In connection with this offering, White & Case LLP advised the underwriters in connection with the offering of the shares of Class A common stock.
EXPERTS
The financial statements of Research Alliance Corp. II as of December 31, 2020 and for the period from July 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, appearing in this prospectus have been audited by WithumSmith+Brown, PC, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon, appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.
 
118
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.
Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
 
119
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Index to Financial Statements
Page
Financial Statements of Research Alliance Corp. II:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-2
Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2020
F-3
Statement of Operations for the period from July 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020
F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity for the period from July 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020
F-5
Statement of Cash Flows for the period from July 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020
F-6
Notes to Financial Statements
F-7
 
F-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholder and Board of Directors of
Research Alliance Corp. II
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Research Alliance Corp. II (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from July 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from July 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020.
New York, New York
March 2, 2021
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
RESEARCH ALLIANCE CORP. II
BALANCE SHEET
DECEMBER 31, 2020
ASSETS
Cash
$ 224,455
Total Current Assets
224,455
Deferred offering costs
123,125
Total Assets
$ 347,580
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable
$ 6,558
Accrued expenses
23,886
Related party loans
300,000
Total Current Liabilities
330,444
Commitments and Contingencies
Stockholder’s Equity
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 3,737,500 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2020﻿(1)
374
Additional paid-in-capital
24,626
Accumulated deficit
(7,864
)
Total Stockholder’s Equity
17,136
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
$ 347,580
(1)
This number includes up to 487,500 shares of common stock held by our Sponsor subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
RESEARCH ALLIANCE CORP. II
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE PERIOD FROM
JULY 17, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020
Formation and operating costs
$ 7,864
Net loss
$ (7,864
)
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted(1)
3,250,000
Basic and diluted net loss per share
$ (0.00
)
(1)
This number excludes an aggregate of up to 487,500 shares of common stock held by our Sponsor subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
RESEARCH ALLIANCE CORP. II
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 17, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020
COMMON STOCK
ADDITIONAL
PAID-IN
CAPITAL
ACCUMULATED
DEFICIT
TOTAL
STOCKHOLDER’S
EQUITY
SHARES
AMOUNT
Balance — July 17, 2020 (inception)
— $ — $ — $ — $ —
Issuance of common stock to Sponsor(1)
3,737,500 374 24,626 — 25,000
Net loss
— — — (7,864
)
(7,864
)
Balance — December 31, 2020
3,737,500 $ 374 $ 24,626 $ (7,864
)
$ 17,136
(1)
This number includes up to 487,500 shares of common stock held by our Sponsor subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
RESEARCH ALLIANCE CORP. II
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE PERIOD FROM
JULY 17, 2020
(INCEPTION) THROUGH
DECEMBER 31, 2020
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net loss
$ (7,864
)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts payable
628
Accrued expenses
1,886
Net cash used in operating activities
(5,350
)
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from issuance of common stock to Sponsor
25,000
Proceeds from exercise of related party loans
300,000
Payments of deferred offering costs
(95,195
)
Net cash provided by financing activities
229,805
Net Change in Cash
224,455
Cash — beginning of the period
—
Cash — end of the period
$ 224,455
Non-cash financing activities:
Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable
$ 5,930
Deferred offering costs included in accrued expenses
$ 22,000
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
F-6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
RESEARCH ALLIANCE CORP. II
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1 — Description of Organization and Business Operations
Research Alliance Corp. II (the “Company”) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated on July 17, 2020 (inception) as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). While the Company may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, it intends to focus on industries that complement its management team’s background, and to capitalize on the ability of its management team to identify and acquire a business, focusing on the healthcare industry. In particular, the Company will target companies in the biotechnology sector where its management has extensive investment experience. The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth company.
As of December 31, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from July 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 relate to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering (the “Proposed Public Offering”) described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Proposed Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.
The Company’s sponsor is Research Alliance Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”). The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon the authorization of the Class A and Class B common stock and obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed public offering of 13,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (each, a “Share” and collectively, the “Shares”) at $10.00 per Share (or 14,950,000 Shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), which is discussed in Note 3, and the sale of 460,000 private placement shares (or 499,000 private placement shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (each, a “Private Placement Share” and collectively, the “Private Placement Shares”) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Share in a private placement to the Sponsor that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Public Offering.
The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement shares, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least $10.00 per Share sold in the Proposed Public Offering, including a portion of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Shares, will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”), located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the assets held in the Trust Account as described below.
The Company will provide the holders of its outstanding shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 (the “Class A common stock”), sold in the Proposed Public Offering (the “Stockholders”), assuming we receive authorization to issue Class A common stock (see Note 4), with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares (as defined in Note 3) upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection
 
F-7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor (as defined below), directors and executive officers have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4), Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Company’s Sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and Public Shares owned by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination.
As of December 31, 2020 the Company was authorized to issue one class of its common stock. The Company intends to file an amended and restated certificate of incorporation such that the Company will be authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. In connection with the filing of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the 3,737,500 shares of common stock that were outstanding will become shares of Class B common stock, of which 487,500 shares will continue to be subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Proposed Public Offering.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the shares of Class A common stock sold in the Proposed Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company.
The Company’s Sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed not to propose an amendment to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock in conjunction with any such amendment.
If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering (the “Combination Period”), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
 
F-8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
released to the Company to pay its income taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
The Sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor, directors or executive officers acquire Public Shares in or after the Proposed Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Company’s Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only $10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account (or less than that in certain circumstances). In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.
The Company does not have sufficient liquidity to meet its anticipated obligations over the next year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. In connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB’s Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-15, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,” management has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsor, including up to an aggregate of $0.3 million provided under the Note (see Note 4), and the Sponsor has the necessary financial wherewithal, that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the earlier of the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering or one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements.
Emerging Growth Company
The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of
 
F-9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
Further, section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock
The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 487,500 shares of common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 6). At December 31, 2020 the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of one cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. As of December 31, 2020 the Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.
Financial Instruments
The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under the FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Deferred Offering Costs
Deferred offering costs consist of legal, accounting and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Public Offering and that will be charged to stockholder’s equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering. Should the Proposed Public Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to be incurred, will be charged to operations.
Income Taxes
The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
 
F-10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2020. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
The Company may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, U.S. state or foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Company’s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. The provision for income taxes was deemed to be de minimus for the periods from July 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The Company’s management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.
Note 3 — Proposed Public Offering
Pursuant to the Proposed Public Offering, and the authorization of the Class A and Class B common stock, the Company intends to offer for sale 13,000,000 Shares at a price of $10.00 per Share. (the “Public Shares”)
Note 4 — Related Party Transactions
Founder Shares
On July 23, 2020, the Sponsor paid $25,000 in consideration for 3,737,500 shares (the “Founder Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “common stock”).
The Company intends to file an amended and restated certificate of incorporation, such that the Company will be authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Pursuant to the amendment, the Founder Shares will be converted into shares of Class B common stock.
The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company’s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in Note 6. The Company’s Sponsor has agreed to forfeit up to 487,500 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering. If the Company increases or decreases the size of the Proposed Public Offering, the Company will effect a share dividend or share contribution back to capital, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering in such amount as to maintain the Founder Share ownership of the Sponsor prior to the Proposed Public Offering at 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering (excluding the Private Placement Shares).
The Company’s Sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares or Private Placement Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Private Placement Shares
The Sponsor has agreed to purchase 460,000 Private Placement Shares (or 499,000 Private Placement Shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per share in a private
 
F-11
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
placement for an aggregate purchase price of $4.6 million (or $5.0 million if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. The Private Placement Shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus.
The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Shares until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination.
Related Party Loans
On July 23, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $0.3 million to cover expenses related to the Proposed Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”). This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of the closing of the Proposed Public Offering or the date on which we determine not to consummate the Proposed Public Offering. In October 2020, the Company borrowed $0.3 million under the Note.
In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination is not completed, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Shares at a price of $10.00 per share. To date, there have been no borrowings under this arrangement.
Private Placement of Common Stock
The Sponsor has indicated an interest to purchase $30.0 million of the Company’s common stock in a private placement that would occur concurrently with the consummation of the initial Business Combination. The funds from such private placement would be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business Combination, and any excess funds from such private placement would be used for working capital in the post-transaction company. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, the Sponsor may determine not to purchase any such shares, or to purchase fewer shares than it indicated an interest in purchasing. Furthermore, the Company is not under any obligation to sell any such shares.
Note 5 — Commitments and Contingencies
Registration Rights
Holders of the Founder Shares will be entitled to registration rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion of such shares into shares of Class A common stock) pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights agreement to be entered into upon consummation of the Proposed Public Offering. Holders of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares will be entitled to certain demand and “piggyback” registration and stockholder rights. However, the registration and stockholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Underwriting Agreement
The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Proposed Public Offering to purchase up to 1,950,000 additional Shares to cover over-allotments, if any, at $10.00 per Share, less underwriting discounts and commissions.
The underwriters will be entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per Share, or approximately $2.6 million in the aggregate (or approximately $3.0 million in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is
 
F-12
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. $0.35 per Share, or approximately $4,550,000 in the aggregate (or approximately $5,232,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.
Risks and Uncertainties
Management is continuing to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations, close of the Proposed Public offering and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Note 6 — Stockholder’s Equity
Common stock — As of December 31, 2020 the Company was authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2020 there were 3,737,500 shares of common stock outstanding. Of the 3,737,500 shares of common stock outstanding, up to 487,500 shares are subject to forfeiture to the Company by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters’ over allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Proposed Public Offering.
The Company intends to file an amended and restated certificate of incorporation such that the Company will be authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. In connection with the filing of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the 3,737,500 shares of common stock that were outstanding will become shares of Class B common stock, of which 487,500 shares will continue to be subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Proposed Public Offering.
Holders of shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders except as required by law.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company’s initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of the Business Combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the Sponsor agrees to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders) (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination and any private placement shares). The Sponsor may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time.
 
F-13
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Note 7 — Income Taxes
A reconciliation of the total income tax provision tax rate to the statutory federal income tax rate of 21% for the year ended December 31, 2020 is as follows (in thousands):
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 17, 2020
Statutory federal income tax rate
(2
)
21
%
Change in valuation allowance
2 (21
)%
Income tax provision
— —
%
Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets at December 31, 2020, are as follows (in thousands):
DECEMBER 31, 2020
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carryforward
$ 1
Capitalized start up/organization costs
$ 1
Total deferred tax assets
$ 2
Valuation allowance
$ (2
)
Deferred tax assets, net of allowance
$ —
The Company has established a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. The Company periodically evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets. At such time as it is determined that it is more likely than not that deferred assets are realizable, the valuation allowance will be reduced. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance of $2.0 thousand as of December 31, 2020 as it cannot conclude that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will be realized primarily due to the generation of pre-tax book losses from its inception.
As of December 31, 2020, the Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $2.0 thousand. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, for U.S. income tax purposes, net operating losses generated after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely, but are limited to 80% utilization against future taxable income each year.
Pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Sections 382 and 383, annual use of the Company’s NOL and research and development credit carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50% occurs within a three-year period. The Company has not completed an ownership change analysis pursuant to IRS Section 382. If ownership changes have occurred or occurs in the future, the amount of remaining tax attribute carryforwards available to offset taxable income and income tax expense in future years may be restricted or eliminated. If eliminated, the related asset would be removed from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance.
Uncertain tax positions are evaluated based upon the facts and circumstances that exist at each reporting period. Subsequent changes in judgment based upon new information may lead to changes in recognition, derecognition, and measurement. Adjustment may result, for example, upon resolution of an issue with the taxing authorities or expiration of a statute of limitations barring an assessment for an issue.
The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by tax authorities.
As of December 31, 2020, the Company has no uncertain tax positions.
The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. and Massachusetts. The Company’s tax returns for the period from July 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 remain open and subject to examination. The Company is not currently under examination by any federal, state or local tax authority.
Note 8 — Subsequent Events
The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after December 31, 2020, the balance sheet date, up to March 2, 2021, the date that the audited financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any other subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.
 
F-14
TABLE OF CONTENTS
13,000,000 SHARES OF CLASS A COMMON STOCK
RESEARCH ALLIANCE CORP. II
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
, 2021
Sole Book-Running Manager
JEFFERIES
Until           , 2021 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our common stock, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than contained in this prospectus or in any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may provide you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus.
No dealer, salesperson or any other person is authorized to give any information or make any representations in connection with this offering other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, the information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security other than the securities offered by this prospectus, or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
PART II
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
Item 13.   Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows:
SEC expenses
$ 19,406
FINRA expenses
22,925
Accounting fees and expenses
60,000
Printing and engraving expenses
35,000
Travel and road show expenses
20,000
Legal fees and expenses
325,000
Nasdaq listing and filing fees
75,000
Director & Officers liability insurance premiums(1)
140,000
Miscellaneous
302,669
Total
$ 1,000,000
(1)
This amount represents the approximate amount of annual director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following the completion of its initial public offering and until it completes a business combination.
Item 14.   Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that all directors, officers, employees and agents of the registrant shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL.
Section 145 of the DGCL concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below.
Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance.
a)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful.
b)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
 
II-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
c)
To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith.
d)
Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders.
e)
Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former officers and directors or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate.
f)
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to such provision after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred.
g)
A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section.
h)
For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent)
 
II-2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
i)
For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section.
j)
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
k)
The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
In accordance with Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation, will provide that no director shall be personally liable to us or any of our stockholders for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the DGCL unless they violated their duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. The effect of this provision of our certificate of incorporation is to eliminate our rights and those of our stockholders (through stockholders’ derivative suits on our behalf) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director, including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except, as restricted by Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL. However, this provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights of any stockholder to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director’s duty of care.
If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the liability of directors, then, in accordance with our certificate of incorporation, the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our certificate of incorporation limiting or eliminating the liability of directors, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith,
 
II-3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors on a retroactive basis.
Our certificate of incorporation will also provide that we will, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, indemnify our current and former officers and directors, as well as those persons who, while directors or officers of our corporation, are or were serving as directors, officers, employees or agents of another entity, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in connection with any threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by any such person in connection with any such proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person eligible for indemnification pursuant to our certificate of incorporation will be indemnified by us in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such proceeding was authorized by our board of directors, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification.
The right to indemnification conferred by our certificate of incorporation is a contract right that includes the right to be paid by us the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding referenced above in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by our officer or director (solely in the capacity as an officer or director of our corporation) will be made only upon delivery to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such officer or director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our certificate of incorporation or otherwise.
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which any person covered by our certificate of incorporation may have or hereafter acquire under law, our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. Our certificate of incorporation will also permit us, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other that those specifically covered by our certificate of incorporation.
Our bylaws, which we intend to adopt immediately prior to the closing of this offering, include the provisions relating to advancement of expenses and indemnification rights consistent with those set forth in our certificate of incorporation. In addition, our bylaws provide for a right of indemnity to bring a suit in the event a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses is not paid in full by us within a specified period of time. Our bylaws also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect us and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of our corporation or another entity, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.
Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our bylaws affecting indemnification rights, whether by our board of directors, stockholders or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision.
We will enter into indemnity agreements with each of our officers and directors a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Registration Statement. These agreements will require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.
 
II-4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the Underwriters and the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act.
Item 15.   Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
On July 23, 2020, we issued to Research Alliance Holdings II LLC, our sponsor, 3,737,500 shares of our Class B common stock, in exchange for a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.01 per share. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. Each of the equity holders in our sponsor is an accredited investor under Rule 501 of Regulation D. The sole business of our sponsor is to act as the company’s sponsor in connection with this offering.
Our sponsor has agreed to purchase 460,000 shares of Class A common stock (or 499,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per share in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of $4,600,000 (or $4,990,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. The private placement shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
Item 16.   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a)
The Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 17.   Undertakings.
(a)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:
(1)
That for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933 in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:
(i)
Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;
(ii)
Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant;
(iii)
The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and
(iv)
Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.
(2)
That for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of
 
II-5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.
(b)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
(c)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
(1)
For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
(2)
For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
 
II-6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
EXHIBIT INDEX
EXHIBIT
NO.
DESCRIPTION
1.1* Form of Underwriting Agreement.
3.1* Certificate of Incorporation.
3.2* Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
3.3* Bylaws.
4.1* Specimen Common Stock Certificate.
5.1* Form of Opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP.
10.1* Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.
10.2* Form of Registration and Stockholder Rights Agreement among the Registrant and the Holders of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares.
10.3* Form of Indemnity Agreement.
10.4* Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant and each director and executive officer of the Registrant.
10.5* Form of Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and our Sponsor.
10.6* Form of Private Placement Class A Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and
our Sponsor.
10.7* Promissory Note, dated as of July 23, 2020 between the Registrant and the Sponsor.
23.1
Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC.
23.2* Consent of Goodwin Procter LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
24
Power of Attorney (included on signature page of the Registration Statement).
*
To be filed by amendment.
 
II-7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New York, on the 2nd day of March, 2021.
RESEARCH ALLIANCE CORP. II
By:
/s/ Peter Kolchinsky
Name: Peter Kolchinsky
Title:   Chief Executive Officer
RESEARCH ALLIANCE CORP. II
By:
/s/ Tess Cameron
Name: Tess Cameron
Title:  Chief Financial Officer
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned constitutes and appoints each of Peter Kolchinsky, Tess Cameron and Matthew Hammond each acting alone, their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Registration Statement on Form S-1 (including all pre-effective and post-effective amendments and registration statements filed pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that any such attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
NAME
POSITION
DATE
/s/ Peter Kolchinsky
Peter Kolchinsky
Chief Executive Officer,
Chairman of the Board(Principal Executive Officer)
March 2, 2021
/s/ Tess Cameron
Tess Cameron
Chief Financial Officer, Director
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
March 2, 2021
/s/ Matthew Hammond
Matthew Hammond
Director
March 2, 2021
/s/ Stephen J. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D.
Stephen J. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D.
Director
March 2, 2021
/s/ Thomas Leggett
Thomas Leggett
Director
March 2, 2021
 
II-8