S-1 1 forms-1.htm
  As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2021
  Registration No. 333-________
      UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
  FORM S-1
  REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
  HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its constitutional documents)
  British Virgin Islands   6770   n/a
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)   (Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)   (I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
  40/F, Montery Plaza
15 Chong Yip Street, Hong Kong
Tel: +852 39985110
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
  Cogency Global lnc.
122 East 42nd Street, 18th Floor
New York, NY 10168
+1 800-221-0102
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
  Copies to:
Lawrence Venick
David J. Levine
Loeb & Loeb LLP
345 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10154
(212) 407-4000
(212) 407-4990 — Facsimile
Andrew M. Tucker
Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP
101 Constitution Avenue NW
Suite 900
Washington, DC 20001
(202) 689-2800
(202) 689-2860 — Facsimile
  Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
  If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. [  ]
  If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [  ]
  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [  ]
  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [  ]
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
  Large accelerated filer [  ] Accelerated filer [  ]
Non-accelerated filer [X] Smaller reporting company [X]
    Emerging growth company [X]
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. [  ]
  CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
  Title of each Class of Security being registered   Amount
to be
Registered     Proposed
maximum
offering
price per
share(1)     Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering
Price (1)     Amount of
Registration
Fee  
Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one Redeemable Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one half of an Ordinary Share (2)     5,750,000     $ 10.00     $ 57,500,000.00     $ 6,273.25  
Ordinary Shares included as part of the Units(3)     5,750,000       —       —       — (4)
Redeemable Warrants included as part of the Units(3)     5,750,000       —       —       — (4)
Representative’s Ordinary Shares     23,000     $ 10.00     $ 230,000.00     $ 25.09  
Total                   $ 57,730,000.00     $ 6,298.34  
  (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o).
    (2)
Includes Units and Ordinary Shares and Warrants underlying such Units which may be issued on exercise of a 45-day option granted to the Underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any.
    (3)
Pursuant to Rule 416, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from share splits, share capitalizations or similar transactions. 
    (4) No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g) under the Securities Act.
  The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
                    The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.
  PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED FEBRUARY [9], 2021
  $50,000,000
HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
5,000,000 Units
  HHG Capital Corporation is a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a business company with limited liability for the purpose of effecting into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We have not selected any business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region.
  This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one ordinary share and one redeemable warrant. Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share at the closing of a business combination. We will not issue fractional shares. As a result, you must exercise warrants in multiples of two warrants, at a price of $11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus, to validly exercise your warrants. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial business combination and one year from the date that the registration statement is declared effective, and will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation, as described in this prospectus.
  We have granted the underwriters of this offering, a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 units (over and above the 5,000,000 units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments, if any.
  We will provide the holders of our outstanding ordinary shares that were sold in this offering with the opportunity to redeem their shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account described below, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding ordinary shares that were sold in this offering, which we refer to as our “public shares” throughout this prospectus, subject to the limitations described herein.
  We have 24 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination (as such period may be extended by the Company’s shareholders in accordance with our memorandum and articles of association, the “Combination Period”). If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the above Combination Period, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable) pro rata to our public shareholders, by way of the redemption of their shares and thereafter cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein.
  Our sponsor, HHG Capital Fund SP, has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 216,500 units (or up to 230,000 units of the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full) or “private units,” at $10.00 per private unit for a total purchase price of $2,165,000 (or $2,300,000, if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. Each private unit shall consist of one ordinary share and one private warrant exercisable to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per full share.
                Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our units, ordinary shares or warrants. We have applied to have our units listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, or NASDAQ, under the symbol “HHGCU” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day after the date of this prospectus unless Kingswood informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our satisfaction of certain conditions. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the ordinary shares, and warrants will be traded on NASDAQ under the symbols “HHGC,” and “HHGCW,” respectively.
  We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
  Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
  No offer or invitation to subscribe for units may be made to the public in the British Virgin Islands.
      Price to Public     Underwriting
Discounts and
Commissions(1)     Proceeds, before
Expenses, to us  
Per Unit   $ 10.00     $ 0.33     $ 9.67  
Total   $ 50,000,000     $ 1,650,000     $ 48,350,000  
      (1) Includes up to $0.15 (or $0.13 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) per unit sold, or $750,000 in the aggregate, payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions that will be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described in this prospectus in more detail. In addition, we will issue Kingswood Capital Markets (“Kingswood”) the representative of the underwriters and/or its designees 20,000 ordinary shares (23,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), which we refer to herein as the “representative shares” as underwriter compensation in connecting this this offering. See the section titled “Underwriting” for a description of compensation and other items of value payable to the underwriters.
  Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private units described in this prospectus, $50,000,000, or $57,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per unit in either case), will be deposited into a trust account in the United States with American Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee.
  The underwriters are offering the units for sale on a firm-commitment basis. Delivery of the units will be made on or about __________, 2021.
  Joint Book-Running Managers
  Kingswood Capital Markets Brookline Capital Markets
division of Benchmark Investments, Inc.
a division of Arcadia Securities, LLC
  _______, 2021
                HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
TABLE OF CONTENTS
    Page
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 1
    SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA 19
    RISK FACTORS 20
    CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 56
    USE OF PROCEEDS 59
    DIVIDEND POLICY 62
    DILUTION 63
    CAPITALIZATION 65
    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 66
    PROPOSED BUSINESS 70
    MANAGEMENT 86
    PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 94
    CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 97
    DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 100
    SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 116
    TAXATION 117
    UNDERWRITING 129
    LEGAL MATTERS 134
    EXPERTS 134
    WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 134
    INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1
    i  
        PROSPECTUS SUMMARY
  This summary highlights certain information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. For a more complete understanding of this offering, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the risk factors and the financial statements. Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus, references to:
    ● “we,” “us” or “our company” refers to HHG Capital Corporation;
        ● “amended and restated memorandum and articles of association” are to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association;
        ● “BVI” are to the British Virgin Islands;
        ● “Companies Act” and the “Insolvency Act” are to the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 and the Insolvency Act, 2003 of the British Virgin Islands, respectively and in each case as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time;
        ● “initial shareholders” refers to all of our shareholders immediately prior to the date of this prospectus, including all of our officers and directors to the extent they hold such shares;
        ● “insider shares” refers to the 1,437,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders prior to this offering (including up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part);
        ● “letter agreements” refer to the agreements to be executed among us, underwriters, our officers, directors and other initial shareholders on the date that the registration statement is declared effective;
        ● “private units” refer to the units issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering;
        ● “private warrants” refer to the warrants underlying the private units;
        ● “warrants” or “public warrants” refer to the warrants which are being sold as part of the units in this offering;
        ● “public shares” refer to ordinary share which are being sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market) shareholder;
        ● “public shareholders” means the holders of the ordinary shares which are being sold as part of the units in this public offering, or “public shares,” whether they are purchased in the public offering or in the aftermarket, including any of our initial shareholders to the extent that they purchase such public shares (except that our initial shareholders will not have conversion or tender rights with respect to any public shares they own);
        ● “representative” refers to Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark Investments, Inc., who is the representative of the underwriters in this offering;
        ● “representative shares” refers to the 20,000 ordinary shares (23,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) issued as compensation to the representative and/or its designees;
        ● “SAMCL” refers to Silverbricks Asset Management Company Limited, which manages and advises our sponsor;
        ● “sponsor” refers to HHG Capital Fund SP; and
        ● “US Dollars” and “$” refer to the legal currency of the United States;
  Except as specifically provided otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.
    1  
        All references in this prospectus to our insider shares being forfeited shall take effect as surrenders for no consideration of such shares as a matter of the British Virgin Islands law. All references to the conversion of ordinary shares shall take effect as a redemption of ordinary shares and issuance of the corresponding ordinary shares as a matter of the British Virgin Islands law.
  You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted.
  General
  We are a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on July 15, 2020 as a business company with limited liability (meaning that our public shareholders have no liability, as shareholders of our company, for the liabilities of our company over and above the amount paid for their shares). We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.”
  Our sponsor, HHG Capital Fund SP, is managed and advised by Silverbricks Asset Management Company Limited (“SAMCL”), a Hong Kong Securities & Futures Commission (SFC) licensed asset manager. As a professional in the area of asset management, equity investment, fund investment, advisory and management consulting, SAMCL is a one-stop financial wealth management advisory company. Based on its professional and stick-to-the-truth research, SAMCL takes the continuous growth of clients’ assets as its responsibility with a commitment to diversify risks with its scientific investment model. In an effort to provide diversified investment options, SAMCL also provides advisory service in private equity, secondary market portfolio of equity and debt, in real estate, financial services, culture and entertainment industry funds among other options.
  Our management team is led by Kin (Stephen) Sze, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sze has spent over 15 years in the investment management industry. Mr. Sze has been serving as executive director at SAMCL since July 2020. Prior to that he was the chief executive officer and director of Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp (PAAC) from March 2019 to June 2020. PAAC was a Nasdaq listed SPAC which completed its business combination with Lion Group Holding Limited (LGHL) in June 2020. Prior to that he served as an executive director at Agricultural Bank of China International, Hong Kong, an investment banking business flagship of Agricultural Bank of China, from December 2017 to December 2018. He was a senior manager at China Everbright, a China based finance conglomerate with business in banking, securities, insurance, asset investment and direct management, from April 2006 to November 2017.
  Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business.
    2  
        Competitive Strengths
  Our management team is led by Mr. Sze who has over 15 years of combined operational, deal-making and investment experience. Our mission is to unlock value for our shareholders by identifying an acquisition target in any sector with potential to grow. Given the diversified experience of our management team, we believe we have significant resources to identify, diligence, and structure transactions that would benefit all stockholders. We could also get deal sources from our sponsor, or affiliates of our sponsor. Our competitive strengths include the following:
  ● Deep Experience of Operating Partners
  We believe that our ability to leverage the experience of the management team, which comprises executives of different companies across multiple sectors and industries, will provide us a distinct advantage in being able to source, evaluate and consummate an attractive transaction.
  ● Proprietary Sourcing Channels and Leading Industry Relationships
  We believe the capabilities and connections associated with our management team, in combination with our sponsor and our strategic and operating partners, will provide us with a differentiated pipeline of acquisition opportunities. We expect these sourcing capabilities will be further bolstered by our reputation and deep industry relationships.
  ● Track Record of Investment Experience
  We believe that our management’s track record of identifying and sourcing transactions positions us well to appropriately evaluate potential business combinations and select one that will be well received by the public markets.
  ● Execution and Deal Structuring Capability
  Our combined expertise and reputation will allow us to source and complete transactions possessing structural attributes that create an attractive investment thesis. These types of transactions are typically complex and require creativity, industry knowledge and expertise, rigorous due diligence, and extensive negotiations and documentation. We believe that by focusing our investment activities on these types of transactions, we are able to generate investment opportunities that have attractive risk/reward profiles based on their valuations and structural characteristics
  Acquisition Strategy and Investment Criteria
  Our acquisition strategy is to:
  ● generate attractive returns and create value for our stockholders by applying a disciplined strategy of identifying attractive investment opportunities that could benefit from the addition of capital, management expertise and strategic insight.
● identify an opportunity where our management’s expertise could effect a positive transformation of the existing business to improve the overall value proposition while maximizing shareholder value.
● identify companies that are under-performing their potential due to a temporary period of dislocation in the markets
● source initial business combination opportunities through the extensive networks of our management team, sponsor and their affiliates, including seasoned executives and operators, private equity investors, lenders, attorneys and family offices, that we believe will provide our management team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities.
  Our management team has decades of combined experience setting and implementing strategies to grow revenues and improve profitability, including: helping to develop growth initiatives; developing capital allocation strategies; reducing expenses to increase earnings or to redeploy capital into more beneficial initiatives; pursuing add on acquisitions and divestitures; engaging in capital markets and other financing or restructuring activities; evaluating, changing or enhancing management when appropriate; and crafting other initiatives.
    3  
        To execute our business strategy, we intend to:
  ● Utilize our management team’s extensive network of company owners, management teams, financial intermediaries and others to identify appropriate candidates for a possible business combination;
● Conduct rigorous research and analysis of various industries and companies to identify promising potential targets;
● Conduct a thorough due diligence review of one or more targets, including an analysis of overall industry and competitive conditions and of company specific information;
● Arrange appropriate financing in connection with the business combination to provide the target company with adequate capital to execute its business plan;
● Complete a business combination at an attractive price in terms of intrinsic value and future potential;
● Implement a business plan that we believe will accelerate growth and provide the company with flexibility in financially and operationally; and
● Seek further strategic opportunity of acquisitions, divestitures or other transactions in order to enhance shareholder value.
  Consistent with this business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.
  ● Established Businesses: We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a history of, or potential for, strong, stable cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams.
      ● Generates Stable Free Cash-Flow: We will seek to acquire a business that has historically generated, or has the near-term potential to generate, strong and sustainable free cash flow.
      ● Growth opportunities through capital investment: We intend to seek candidates who will benefit from additional capital investment through a business combination.
      ● Strong management teams with a proven track record: We intend to seek candidates who have strong management teams with a proven track record of driving revenue growth, enhancing profitability and generating strong free cash flow. We will seek to partner with potential target’s management team and expect that the operating and financial abilities of our management and board will help potential target company to unlock opportunities for future growth and enhanced profitability.
      ● Benefit from Being a Public Company: We intend to pursue a business combination with a company that we believe will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company.
      ● Would Benefit Uniquely from our Capabilities: We will seek to acquire a business where the collective capabilities of our management and sponsor can be leveraged to tangibly improve the operations and market position of the target.
      ● Risk-Adjusted Return: We intend to acquire one or more companies that we believe can offer attractive risk-adjusted return on investments for our stockholders.
    4  
        We will either (i) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (ii) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of our proposed business combination or allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do so, we will have the flexibility to avoid a shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
  We will have until 24 months from the consummation of this offering to consummate our initial business combination (such period may be extended by the Company’s shareholders in accordance with our memorandum and articles of association). If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will liquidate the trust account and distribute the proceeds held therein to our public shareholders by way of redeeming their shares and dissolve. If we are forced to liquidate, we anticipate that we would distribute to our public shareholders the amount in the trust account calculated as of the date that is two days prior to the distribution date (including any accrued interest). Prior to such distribution, we would be required to assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us by our creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such amounts, as creditors take priority over our public shareholders with respect to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them as an unlawful payment in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation. In the event of our liquidation and subsequent dissolution and the public warrants will expire and will be worthless.
  Pursuant to the NASDAQ listing rules, our initial business combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such business combination, although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several target businesses. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Our board of directors will have broad discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of any prospective target business. The target business or businesses that we acquire may have a collective fair market value substantially in excess of 80% of the trust account balance. We will not be required to comply with the 80% fair market value requirement if we are delisted from NASDAQ.
    5  
        We are not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party that the target business we select has a fair market value in excess of at least 80% of the balance of the trust account unless our board of directors cannot make such determination on its own. We are also not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party indicating that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view unless the target is affiliated with our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates.
  We currently anticipate structuring our initial business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, only the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% fair market value test.
  Emerging Growth Company Status and Other Information
  We are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
  We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period.
    6  
        Private Placements
  In July 2020, 10,000 insider shares were issued to our initial subscriber of the Company. In November 2020, the initial subscriber transferred the insider shares that it holds to our sponsor, and the Company further issued 1,240,000 insider shares to our initial shareholders. In February 2021, the Company further allotted 187,500 insider shares to our sponsor, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding to our initial shareholders, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,020, or approximately $0.017 per share. The recently allotted 187,500 insider shares held by our initial shareholders are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our initial shareholders will collectively own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (without given effect to the sale of the private units and assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase units in this offering). None of our initial shareholders has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering.
  The insider shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering. However, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, (A) to vote their insider shares (as well as any public shares acquired in or after this offering) in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop our public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any insider shares (as well as any other shares acquired in or after this offering) into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination (or sell any shares they hold to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity and (D) that the insider shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until (1) the earlier of 150 calendar days after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination or (2) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
  In addition, our sponsor, has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 216,500 private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $2,165,000). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters, it will purchase from us at a price of $10.00 per private unit an additional number of private units (up to a maximum of 13,500 private units) pro rata with the amount of the over-allotment option exercised so that at least $10.00 per share sold to the public in this offering is held in trust regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part. These additional private units will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The proceeds from the private placement of the private units will be added to the proceeds of this offering and placed in an account in the United States maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee.
    7  
        The private units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Additionally, because the private units will be issued in a private transaction, our sponsor and its permitted transferees will be allowed to exercise the private warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares. Furthermore, our sponsor has agreed (A) to vote the ordinary shares underlying the private units, or “private shares,” in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop our public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any private shares for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity and (D) that the private shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Our sponsor has also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the insider shares must agree to, each as described above) until 30 calendar days after the completion of our initial business combination.
  If public units or shares are purchased by any of our directors, officers or initial shareholders, they will be entitled to funds from the trust account to the same extent as any public shareholder upon our liquidation but will not have redemption rights related thereto.
  Corporate Information
  Our principal executive office is located 40/F, Montery Plaza, 15 Chong Yip Street, Hong Kong and our telephone number is +852 3998 5110.
  8  
        The Offering
  In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these, and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20 of this prospectus.
  Securities offered 5,000,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant. Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per full share.
    Listing of our securities and proposed symbols We anticipate the units, and the ordinary shares and warrants, once they begin separate trading, will be listed on NASDAQ under the symbols “HHGCU,”, “HHGC,” and “HHGCW,” respectively.
      Each of the ordinary shares and warrants may trade separately on the 52nd day after the date of this prospectus unless the underwriters determine that an earlier date is acceptable (based upon, among other things, its assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets and small capitalization and blank check companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular). In no event will the underwriters allow separate trading of the ordinary shares and warrants until we file an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering.
      Once the ordinary shares and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into separately trading ordinary shares, and warrants.
      We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, including an audited balance sheet, promptly upon the consummation of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date the units commence trading. The audited balance sheet will reflect our receipt of the proceeds from the exercise of the over-allotment option if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K or a new Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in the Form 8-K, or amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if the underwriters has allowed separate trading of the ordinary shares and warrants prior to the 52nd day after the date of this prospectus.
  Ordinary shares:  
    Number issued and outstanding before this offering and the private placement 1,437,500 shares (1)
    Number to be issued and outstanding after this offering and sale of private units 6,486,500 shares (2)(3)
  (1) This number includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full.
    (2)
Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders have been forfeited. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, there will be a total of 7,440,500 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
    (3) Comprised of 5,000,000 ordinary shares included in the units to be sold in this offering, 20,000 ordinary shares issuable to Kingswood and/or its designees, 216,500 private shares and 1,250,000 insider shares.
    9  
        Redeemable Warrants:  
    Number issued and outstanding before this offering and the private placement 0 warrants
    Number to be issued and outstanding after this offering and sale of private units 5,216,500 warrants (4)
    Exercisability Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants for a whole number of shares.
  (4) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, there will be a total of 5,980,000 warrants, including an aggregate of 230,000 private warrants.
  Exercise price
$11.50 per full share subject to adjustments as described in this prospectus. No public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. It is our current intention to have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares in effect promptly following consummation of an initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 60 days following the consummation of our initial business combination, public warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the day prior to the date of exercise. For example, if a holder held 300 warrants to purchase 150 shares and the fair market value on the date prior to exercise was $15.00, that holder would receive 35 shares without the payment of any additional cash consideration. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis.
  In addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.35 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Price”) is below $9.35 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the Market Price, and the $16.50 per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165% of the Market Price.
  Exercise period The warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial business combination and one year from the effective date of this registration statement. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption.
    Redemption We may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
    ● at any time while the warrants are exercisable,
      ● upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption,
    10  
          ● if, and only if, the last sales price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.50 per share, as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights, issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading days period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption, and
      ● if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
      If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the ordinary shares may fall below the $16.50 trigger price as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price per share after the redemption notice is issued and not limit our ability to complete the redemption.
      The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.
      If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis” will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances.
  Insider Shares
In July 2020, 10,000 insider shares were issued to our initial subscriber of the Company. In November 2020, the initial subscriber transferred the insider shares that it holds to our sponsor, and the Company further issued 1,240,000 insider shares to our initial shareholders. In February 2021, the Company further allotted an aggregate of 187,500 insider shares to our sponsor, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding to our initial shareholders, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,020, or approximately $0.017 per share. The insider shares held by our initial shareholders include an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our initial shareholders will collectively own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (excluding the sale of the private units and assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase units in this offering). None of our initial shareholders has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering.
  The insider shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering. However, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, (A) to vote their insider shares (as well as any public shares acquired in or after this offering) in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop our public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any insider shares (as well as any other shares acquired in or after this offering) into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination (or sell any shares they hold to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity and (D) that the insider shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until (1) the earlier of 150 calendar days after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination or (2) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
    11  
        Private placement at time of offering
Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 216,500 private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $2,165,000). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters, it will purchase from us at a price of $10.00 per private unit an additional number of private units (up to a maximum of 13,500 private units) pro rata with the amount of the over-allotment option exercised so that at least $10.00 per share sold to the public in this offering is held in trust regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part. These additional private units will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The proceeds from the private placement of the private units will be added to the proceeds of this offering and placed in an account in the United States maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee.
  The private units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Additionally, because the private units will be issued in a private transaction, our sponsor and its permitted transferees will be allowed to exercise the private warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares. Furthermore, our sponsor has agreed (A) to vote the ordinary shares underlying the private units, or “private shares,” in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop our public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any private shares for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity and (D) that the private shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Our sponsor has also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the insider shares must agree to, each as described above) until 30 calendar days after the completion of our initial business combination.
  Offering proceeds to be held in trust $47,835,000 of the net proceeds of this offering (or $55,200,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), plus $2,165,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units (or $2,300,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), for an aggregate of $50,000,000 (or an aggregate of $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering (regardless of whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part) will be placed in a trust account in the United States, maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee pursuant to an agreement to be signed on the date of this prospectus. Such amount includes up to $750,000 payable to the underwriters as deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. Pursuant to the investment management trust agreement that will govern the investment of such funds, the trustee, upon our written instructions, will invest the funds as set forth in such written instructions and to custody the funds while invested and until otherwise instructed in accordance with the investment management trust agreement. The remaining $845,000 of net proceeds of this offering will not be held in the trust account.
    12  
          Except as set forth below, the proceeds in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of an initial business combination within the required time period or our entry into liquidation if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period. Therefore, unless and until an initial business combination is consummated, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be available for our use for any expenses related to this offering or expenses which we may incur related to the investigation and selection of a target business and the negotiation of an agreement to acquire a target business.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, there will be released to us from the trust account any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we need to pay our income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account (estimated to initially be $845,000); provided, however, that in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 50,000 ordinary shares and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available.
  Limited payments to insiders Prior to the consummation of a business combination, there will be no fees, reimbursements or other cash payments paid to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than:
    ● repayment at the closing of this offering of an aggregate of approximately $48,302 of loans made by HHG Capital Fund SP;
      ● payment of $10,000 per month to SAMCL, for office space and related services, subject to deferral as described herein commencing on January 1, 2021;
      ● repayment at the closing of this offering of loans which may be made by our insiders, officers, directors or any of its or their affiliates to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined; and
      ● reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets and business combinations.
      There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial shareholder or member of our management team, or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.
  Conditions to completing our initial business combination
Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters’ fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we will not be required to satisfy the 80% test.
    13  
          If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we may obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm as to the fair market value of the target business. We will complete our initial business combination only if the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% test, provided that in the event that the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.
    Potential revisions to agreements with insiders We could seek to amend certain agreements made by our management team disclosed in this prospectus without the approval of shareholders, although we have no intention to do so. For example, restrictions on our executives relating to the voting of securities owned by them, the agreement of our management team to remain with us until the closing of a business combination, the obligation of our management team to not propose certain changes to our organizational documents or the obligation of the management team and its affiliates to not receive any compensation in connection with a business combination could be modified without obtaining shareholder approval. Although shareholders would not be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes, in no event would we be able to modify the redemption or liquidation rights of our shareholders without permitting our shareholders the right to redeem their shares in connection with any such change. We will not agree to any such changes unless we believed that such changes were in the best interests of our shareholders (for example, if such a modification were necessary to complete a business combination).
  Shareholder approval of, or tender offer in connection with, initial business combination In connection with any proposed initial business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each public shareholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. If enough shareholders tender their shares so that we are unable to satisfy any applicable closing condition set forth in the definitive agreement related to our initial business combination, or we are unable to maintain net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001, we will not consummate such initial business combination. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction, or whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do so, we will have the flexibility to avoid a shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
    14  
          We have determined not to consummate any business combination unless we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation in order to avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. The $5,000,001 net tangible asset value would be determined once a target business is located and we can assess all of the assets and liabilities of the combined company.
      However, if we seek to consummate a business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such business combination, the net tangible asset requirement may limit our ability to consummate such a business combination and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all.
    Our initial shareholders, officers and directors, have agreed (i) to vote their insider shares, private shares and any public shares purchased in or after this offering in favor of any proposed business combination and (ii) not to convert any shares (including the insider shares) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve, or sell their shares to us in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed initial business combination. As a result, if we sought shareholder approval of a proposed transaction, we could need as little as 155,126 of our public shares (or approximately 3.09% of our public shares) to be voted in favor of the transaction in order to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and the initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering or units or shares in the after-market). None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or ordinary shares in the open market or in private transactions (other than the private units). However, if a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. There is no limit on the number of shares that may be purchased by the insiders. Any purchases would be made in compliance with federal securities laws, including the fact that all material information will be made public prior to such purchase, and no purchases would be made if such purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock.
    Redemption rights
In connection with a business combination, public shareholders will have the right to convert their shares into an amount equal to (1) the number of public shares being converted by such public holder divided by the total number of public shares multiplied by (2) the amount then in the trust account (initially $10.00 per share), which includes the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions plus a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account less any amounts necessary to pay our taxes. At any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may elect to convert their share regardless of whether or not they vote to approve the business combination.
    Whether we elect to effectuate our initial business combination via shareholder vote or tender offer, we may require public shareholders wishing to exercise redemption rights, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender the certificates they are seeking to convert to our transfer agent or to deliver the shares they are seeking to convert to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit / Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by traditional blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many traditional blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise its redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for it to deliver its certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an “option window” after the consummation of the business combination during which it could monitor the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose above the conversion price, it could sell its shares in the open market before actually delivering his shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become an “option” right surviving past the consummation of the business combination until the converting holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the closing of the shareholder meeting ensures that a holder’s election to convert is irrevocable once the business combination is completed.
    15  
          Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are required to give a minimum of only ten days’ notice for each general meeting. As a result, if we require public shareholders who wish to convert their ordinary shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their redemption rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to.
      If we require public shareholders who wish to convert their ordinary shares to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion described above and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public shareholders.
      Please see the risk factors titled “In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights” and “If we require public shareholders who wish to convert their ordinary shares to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion, such converting shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved.”
      Once the shares are converted by the holder, and effectively redeemed by us under the British Virgin Islands law, the transfer agent will then update our Register of Members to reflect all conversions.
  Automatic liquidation if no business combination
As described above, if we fail to consummate a business combination within 24 months from the consummation of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining holders of ordinary shares and our board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the company, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law.
      In connection with our redemption of 100% of our outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, each public shareholder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account (including the deferred underwriting compensation). Holders of warrants will receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation with respect to such rights or warrants, which will expire worthless.
      We may not have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we will seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after this offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. There is also no guarantee that the third parties would not challenge the enforceability of these waivers and bring claims against the trust account for monies owed them.
      The holders of the insider shares and private units will not participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to such securities.
    16  
          Our sponsor has contractually agreed pursuant to a written agreement with us that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination, it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. Accordingly, if a claim brought by a target business or vendor did not exceed the amount of funds available to us outside of the trust account, our sponsor would not have any obligation to indemnify such claims as they would be paid from such available funds. However, if a claim exceeded such amounts, the only exceptions to our sponsor’s obligations to pay such claim would be if the party executed an agreement waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind it has in or to any monies held in the trust account. We cannot assure you that our sponsor will be able to satisfy these obligations if he is required to do so. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the per-share redemption price from the trust account, if we liquidate the trust account because we have not completed a business combination within the Combination Period, and assuming that we do not extend out life beyond 24 months prior to a business combination, will not be less than $10.00.
      We will pay the costs of liquidating the trust account from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our sponsor has contractually agreed to advance us the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately $18,500) and has contractually agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses.
      The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions held in the trust account in the event we do not consummate a business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
  Indemnity
Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
    17  
        RISKS
  We are a blank check company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company, as well as the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act and, therefore, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison to offerings of blank check companies subject to Rule 419.” You should carefully consider these, and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20 of this prospectus.
    18  
        SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA
  The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data are presented.
      Actual     As Adjusted (1)
      (Audited)       (Unaudited)  
Balance Sheet Data:                
Working capital   $ 6,746     $ 50,101,746  
Total assets   $ 55,048     $ 50,851,746  
Total liabilities   $ 48,302     $ 750,000 (2)
Value of ordinary shares subject to possible conversion/tender   $ -     $ 45,101,740  
Shareholders’ equity   $ 6,746     $ 5,000,006  
  (1) Includes the $2,165,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units.
    (2) The “as adjusted” total liabilities represents up to $750,000 of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that would be payable in the event that the maximum number of shareholders redeemed their shares. The actual liabilities of $48,302 at December 31, 2020 represents the balance of a related party loan from HHG Capital Fund SP, which will be repaid using the proceeds received from the offering on the date the offering is consummated. The $750,000 of deferred underwriting discounts is not due until an initial business combination is consummated, for which we have until 24 months from the closing of this offering to consummate.
  The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the sale of the units we are offering, including the application of the related gross proceeds and the payment of the estimated remaining costs from such sale and the repayment of the accrued and other liabilities required to be repaid.
  The “as adjusted” working capital amount includes the $50,000,000 to be held in the trust account, plus $845,000 in cash held outside the trust account, plus $6,746 of net book value of the shareholders’ equity at December 31, 2020, and less the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions of up to $750,000 that would be payable in the event that the maximum number of shareholders redeemed their shares, which, except for limited situations described in this prospectus, will be available to us only upon the consummation of our initial business combination within the time period described in this prospectus.
  The “as adjusted” total assets amount includes the $50,000,000 to be held in the trust account, plus $845,000 in cash held outside the trust account, plus $6,746 of net book value of the shareholders’ equity at December 31, 2020. If our initial business combination is not consummated, the trust account, less amounts we are permitted to withdraw as described in this prospectus, will be distributed solely to our public shareholders (subject to our obligations under British Virgin Islands law to provide for claims of creditors). Any additional offering costs will also be charged to additional paid-in capital.
  We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
    19  
        RISK FACTORS
  An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the material risks described below, which we believe represent the material risks related to the offering, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. This prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below.
  Risks Associated with Our Business
  We are a newly formed blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
  We are a newly formed blank check company with no operating results to date. Therefore, our ability to commence operations is dependent upon obtaining financing through the public offering of our securities. Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We have not conducted any discussions and we have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective acquisition candidates. We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest, after the consummation of a business combination.
  Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.”
  As of December 31, 2020, we had cash of $25,048 and working capital of $6,746. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. The report of our independent registered public accountants on our financial statements includes an explanatory paragraph stating that our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on the consummation of this offering. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our ability to continue as a going concern. Moreover, there is no assurance that we will consummate our initial business combination. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
  If we are unable to consummate a business combination, our public shareholders may be forced to wait more than 24 months before receiving liquidation distributions.
  We have 24 months from the consummation of this offering in which to complete a business combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless we consummate a business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert their shares. Only after the expiration of this full time period will public shareholders be entitled to liquidation distributions if we are unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly, investors’ funds may be unavailable to them until after such date and to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your securities potentially at a loss.
    20  
        The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within a specific period of time may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination and may limit the amount of time we have to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to consummate our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.
  We have 24 months from the consummation of this offering to complete an initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time limits referenced above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
  You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies.
  Since the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units are intended to be used to complete a business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, since we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful consummation of this offering and the sale of the private units and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors of blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability of our securities, restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and require us to complete a business combination within 24 months from the closing of the offering. Because we are not subject to Rule 419, our units will be immediately tradable, we will be entitled to withdraw amounts from the funds held in the trust account prior to the completion of a business combination and we may have more time to complete an initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison of this offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison to offerings of blank check companies subject to Rule 419.”
  We may issue additional ordinary or preferred shares or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our shareholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association currently authorize the issuance of 500,000,000 shares of a single class each with par value of $0.0001. Immediately after this offering, assuming the underwriters have not exercised their over-allotment option, there will be 493,513,500 authorized but unissued ordinary shares available for issuance. Although we have no commitment as of the date of this offering, we may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares or debt securities, or a combination thereof, to complete a business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares:
    ● may significantly reduce the equity interest of investors in this offering;
        ● may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preferred shares with rights senior to those afforded to our ordinary shares;
        ● may cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
        ● may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
    21  
          ● may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our ordinary shares.
  Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in:
    ● default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
    ● acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
    ● our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and
    ● our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding.
        ● our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;
        ● using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
        ● limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
        ● increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
        ● limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes; and
        ● other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
  We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.
  Since we have not yet identified any prospective target business, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with a particular business combination, or the obligation to convert into cash (or purchase in any tender offer) a significant number of shares from dissenting shareholders, we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after a business combination.
  If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the require time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable) pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption of their shares and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our memorandum and articles of association and prior to any voluntary winding up.
    22  
        If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by shareholders may be less than $10.00.
  Our placing of funds in trust may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the monies held in the trust account. For example, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, claims for fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of our public shareholders. If we liquidate the trust account before the completion of a business combination, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us and which have not executed a waiver agreement. However, it may not be able to meet such obligation. Therefore, the per-share redemption price from the trust account in such a situation may be less than $10.00, plus interest, due to such claims.
  If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders by way of redemption, we file a liquidation or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
  If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders by way of redemption, we file a liquidation or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and applicable liquidation and bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
  If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders by way of redemption, we file a liquidation or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages.
  If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders by way of redemption, we file a liquidation or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or liquidation/bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. In addition, if after the redemption proceeds are paid to public shareholders, it transpires that our financial position at the time was such that it did not satisfy the solvency test prescribed by the Companies Act (namely that our assets exceed our liabilities; and that we are able to pay our debts as they fall due), the Companies Act provides a mechanism by which those proceeds could be recovered from public shareholders. However, the Companies Act also provides for circumstances where such proceeds could not be subject to claw back, namely where (a) the public shareholders received the proceeds in good faith and without knowledge of our failure to satisfy the solvency test; (b) a public shareholder altered its position in reliance of the validity of the payment of the proceeds; or (c) it would be unfair to require repayment of the proceeds in full or at all.
    23  
        Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them.
  If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the consummation of this offering, we will be required to redeem our public shares from the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable) pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them pursuant to such process and any liability of our shareholders may extend beyond the date of such distribution. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that third parties, or us under the control of an official liquidator, will not seek to recover from our shareholders amounts owed to them by us.
  If at any time we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of the Insolvency Act, 2003 (i.e. (i) we fail to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under section 157 of the Insolvency Act; (ii) execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands Court in favor of a creditor of the company is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of the company’s liabilities exceeds its assets, or the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due), we are required to immediately enter insolvent liquidation. In these circumstances, a liquidator will be appointed who will give notice to our creditors inviting them to submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location where the company has its principal place of business, and taking any other steps he or she considers appropriate, after which our assets would be distributed. Following the process of insolvent liquidation, the liquidator will complete its final report and accounts and will then notify the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (the “Registrar”). The liquidator may determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors’ claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our assets to our public shareholders. In such liquidation proceedings, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete the trust account we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public shareholders the amounts otherwise payable to them.
  If we are deemed insolvent, then there are also limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a “voidable transaction” for the purposes of the Insolvency Act. A voidable transaction would be, for these purposes, payments made as “unfair preferences” or “transactions at an undervalue.” Where a payment was a risk of being a voidable transaction, a liquidator appointed over an insolvent company could apply to the British Virgin Islands Court for an order, inter alia, for the transaction to be set aside as a voidable transaction in whole or in part. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
    24  
        Our initial shareholders have waived their right to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the initial shares. If we are unable to consummate a transaction within the required time period, upon notice from us, the trustee of the trust account will distribute the amount in our trust account to our public shareholders by way of redemption. Concurrently, we shall pay, or reserve for payment, from funds not held in trust, our liabilities and obligations, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If there are insufficient funds held outside the trust account for such purpose, HHG Capital Fund SP has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us and which have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure you that the liquidator will not determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors’ claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). We also cannot assure you that a creditor or shareholder will not file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our assets to our public shareholders.
  Holders of warrants will not have redemption rights if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period.
  If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we redeem the funds held in the trust account, the warrants will expire and holders will not receive any of such proceeds with respect to the warrants.
  We have no obligation to net cash settle the warrants.
  In no event will we have any obligation to net cash settle the warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.
  If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the redeemable warrants, public holders will only be able to exercise such redeemable warrants on a “cashless basis” which would result in a fewer number of shares being issued to the holder had such holder exercised the redeemable warrants for cash.
  Except as set forth below, if we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis,” provided that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of ordinary shares that a holder will receive upon exercise of its warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised its warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the private warrants may be exercisable for unregistered ordinary shares for cash even if the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and effective.
    25  
        An investor will only be able to exercise warrants if the issuance of ordinary shares upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants.
  No warrants will be exercisable for cash and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless the ordinary shares issuable upon such exercise have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. At the time that the warrants become exercisable, we expect to continue to be listed on a national securities exchange, which would provide an exemption from registration in every state. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. If the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold.
  Our management’s ability to require holders of our redeemable warrants to exercise such redeemable warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer ordinary shares upon their exercise of the redeemable warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their redeemable warrants for cash.
  If we call our warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrants (including any warrants held by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrants for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company.
  We may amend the terms of the warrants in a way that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants.
  Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
  We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.
  We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the reported last sale price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if there is not a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.
    26  
        The grant of registration rights to the holders of our insider shares and certain other shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares.
  Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, the holders of our insider shares and their permitted transferees and certain other shareholders can demand that we register the resale of the placement units, the placement shares, the placement warrants, the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the placement warrants, the ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the insider shares, the ordinary shares included in the placement units and holders of units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such ordinary shares, warrants or the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such units and warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to complete. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our ordinary shares that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders or holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.
  Since we have not yet selected a particular industry or target business with which to complete a business combination, we are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate.
  While we intend to focus our search for target businesses on specific locations and industries as described in this prospectus, we are not limited to those locations and may consummate a business combination with a company in any location or industry we choose. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete a business combination with a company in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by management of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
    27  
        The requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete such a business combination with.
  Pursuant to the NASDAQ listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for our taxes) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete a business combination. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account.
  If NASDAQ delists our securities from trading on its exchange after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the fair market value requirement described above and could complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below 80% of the balance in the trust account.
  Our ability to successfully effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
  Our ability to successfully effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us.
  The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following a business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place or be hired after consummation of the business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.
  In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of an initial business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an initial business combination candidate’s management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an initial business combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
    28  
        Our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire.
  We may consummate a business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding a business combination. If we become aware of a potential business combination outside of the geographic location or industry where our officers and directors have the most experience, our management may retain consultants and advisors with experience in such industries to assist in the evaluation of such business combination and in our determination of whether or not to proceed with such a business combination. However, our management is not required to engage consultants or advisors in any situation. If they do not engage any consultants or advisors to assist them in the evaluation of a particular target business or business combination, our management may not properly analyze the risks attendant with such target business or business combination. Even if our management does engage consultants or advisors to assist in the evaluation of a particular target business or business combination, we cannot assure you that such consultants or advisors will properly analyze the risks attendant with such target business or business combination. As a result, we may enter into a business combination that is not in our shareholders’ best interests.
  Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
  Our key personnel will be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
  We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us.
  When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
    29  
        Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby potentially limiting the amount of time they devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination.
  Our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which could create a conflict of interest when allocating their time between our operations and their other commitments. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. All of our officers and directors are engaged in several other business endeavors and are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our affairs. If our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to such affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. We cannot assure you these conflicts will be resolved in our favor.
  Our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
  Our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies, including other companies that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination. As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. For a more detailed description of the pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations of our management team, and the potential conflicts of interest that such obligations may present, see the section titled “Management — Conflicts of Interest.”
  Our officers’ and directors’ personal and financial interests may influence their motivation in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business combination.
  Our officers and directors have waived their right to convert (or sell to us in any tender offer) their insider shares or any other ordinary shares acquired in this offering or thereafter (although none of these insiders have indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or thereafter), or to receive distributions with respect to their insider shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Our sponsor, has also waived its right to convert (or sell to us in any tender offer) its private shares or any other ordinary shares acquired in this offering or thereafter (although it has not indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or thereafter), or to receive distributions with respect to their private shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Accordingly, these securities will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us after this offering and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders’ best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of British Virgin Islands law and we might have a claim against such individuals. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.
    30  
        Past performance by our management team and our sponsor may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.
  Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with our management team and our sponsor and its affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team and our sponsor is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team’s or our sponsor’s respective performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Furthermore, an investment in us is not an investment in our sponsor or its affiliates.
  NASDAQ may delist our securities from trading on its exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
  We anticipate that our securities will be listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, a national securities exchange, upon consummation of this offering. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on NASDAQ. Although, after giving effect to this offering, we expect to meet on a pro forma basis the minimum initial listing standards of NASDAQ, which generally only requires that we meet certain requirements relating to shareholders’ equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on NASDAQ in the future or prior to an initial business combination. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, it is likely that NASDAQ will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.
  If NASDAQ delists our securities from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
    ● a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
        ● reduced liquidity with respect to our securities;
        ● a determination that our ordinary shares are “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our ordinary shares;
        ● a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and
        ● a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
  The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on NASDAQ, our units, our ordinary shares and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on NASDAQ, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination.
    31  
        We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services.
  We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
    ● solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or
        ● dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
  This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination.
  Alternatively, if we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
  The ability of our public shareholders to exercise their redemption rights or sell their public shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
  If our business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many public shareholders may exercise redemption rights or seek to sell their public shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon such conversion, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business transaction. In the event that the business combination involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.
  We may be unable to consummate a business combination if a target business requires that we have cash in excess of the minimum amount we are required to have at closing and public shareholders may have to remain shareholders of our company and wait until our liquidation to receive a pro rata share of the trust account or attempt to sell their shares in the open market.
  A potential target may make it a closing condition to our business combination that we have a certain amount of cash in excess of the $5,000,001 of net tangible assets we are required to have pursuant to our organizational documents available at the time of closing. If the number of our shareholders electing to exercise their redemption rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer has the effect of reducing the amount of money available to us to consummate a business combination below such minimum amount required by the target business and we are not able to locate an alternative source of funding, we will not be able to consummate such business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. In that case, public shareholders may have to remain shareholders of our company and wait the full 24 months in order to be able to receive a pro rata portion of the trust account, or attempt to sell their shares in the open market prior to such time, in which case they may receive less than a pro rata share of the trust account for their shares and suffer an entire loss on your investment.
  Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination.
  We intend to hold a shareholder vote before we consummate our initial business combination. However, if a shareholder vote is not required, for business or legal reasons, we may conduct conversions via a tender offer and not offer our shareholders the opportunity to vote on a proposed business combination. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information.
  If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.
  Pursuant to certain letter agreements with us, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their shares, including any shares they may acquire during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders’ shares, we would need only 155,126, or 3.09%, of the shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Our initial shareholders will own ordinary shares representing approximately 22.61% of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination.
    32  
        In connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public shareholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed business combination and still seek conversion of his, her or its public shares, which may make it more likely that we will consummate a business combination.
  In connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public shareholder the right to have his, her or its public shares converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus) regardless of whether such shareholder votes for or against such proposed business combination. Furthermore, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Accordingly, public shareholders owning shares sold in this offering may exercise their redemption rights and we could still consummate a proposed business combination so long as a majority of shares voted at the meeting are voted in favor of the proposed business combination. This is different than other similarly structured blank check companies where shareholders are offered the right to convert their shares only when they vote against a proposed business combination. This is also different than other similarly structured blank check companies where there is a specific number of shares sold in the offering which must not exercise redemption rights for the company to complete a business combination. The lack of such a threshold and the ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of a proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
  We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions (such that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of our ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of our ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.
  In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights.
  In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public shareholder will have the right, regardless of whether it is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert its public shares into a share of the trust account. Such conversion will be effectuated under British Virgin Islands law and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as a redemption of the shares, with the redemption price to be paid being the applicable pro rata portion of the monies held in the trust account. We may require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s (“DTC”) DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or prior to the vote taken at the shareholder meeting relating to such business combination. In order to obtain a physical share certificate, a shareholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that shareholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. It is also our understanding that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System. However, this too may not be the case. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for shareholders to deliver their shares, shareholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their redemption rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares.
    33  
        Investors may not have sufficient time to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion.
  Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are required to give a minimum of only ten days’ notice for each general meeting. As a result, if we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their redemption rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to.
  If we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion, such converting shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved.
  If we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion described above and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public shareholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other shareholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell their securities.
  Because of our limited resources and structure, other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination.
  We expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Additionally, because we are obligated to pay cash for any ordinary shares our public shareholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Furthermore, seeking shareholder approval of a business combination may delay or prevent the consummation of a transaction, a risk a target business may not be willing to accept. Our outstanding warrants and the future dilution they potentially represent, may also be viewed unfavorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation.
    34  
        Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
  Upon consummation of our offering and the private placement, our initial shareholders will collectively own approximately 22.61% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our memorandum and articles of association. None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or ordinary shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions (other than the private units). However, if our initial shareholders purchase any units in this offering or if our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to assist us in consummating our initial business combination, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our ordinary shares. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, all of our initial shareholders, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the ordinary shares owned by them immediately before this offering as well as any ordinary shares acquired in this offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination.
  There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to elect directors. Accordingly, shareholders would not have the right to such a meeting or election of directors, unless the holders of not less than 10% of the voting rights of our company request such a meeting. As a result, it is unlikely that there will be an annual general meeting to elect new directors prior to the consummation of a business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights for up to 24 months. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business combination.
  Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate of $25,020, or approximately $0.017 per share, for the insider shares and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our ordinary shares.
  The difference between the public offering price per share and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to the investors in this offering. Our initial shareholders acquired their insider shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon consummation of this offering, you and the other new investors will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 75% or $7.47 per share (the difference between the public offering price per share and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $2.53 per share). This is because investors in this offering will be contributing approximately 96% of the total amount paid to us for our outstanding securities after this offering but will only own approximately 77% of our outstanding securities. Accordingly, the per-share purchase price you will be paying substantially exceeds our per share net tangible book value.
    35  
        Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate of $25,020, or approximately $0.017 per share, for the insider shares. As a result of this low initial price, our sponsor, its affiliates and our management team stands to make a substantial profit even if an initial business combination subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public shareholders.
  As a result of the low acquisition cost of our insider shares, our sponsor, its affiliates and our management team could make a substantial profit even if we select and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public shareholders. Thus, such parties may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, than would be the case if such parties had paid the full offering price for their insider shares.
  Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
  In July 2020, 10,000 insider shares were issued to our initial subscriber of the Company. In November 2020, the initial subscriber transferred the insider shares that it holds to our sponsor, and the Company further issued 1,240,000 insider shares to our initial shareholders. In February 2021, the Company further allotted an aggregate of 187,500 insider shares to our sponsor, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding to our initial shareholders, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,020, or approximately $0.017 per share. The number of insider shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such insider shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after this offering (excluding the placement shares). The insider shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Our sponsor has agreed to purchase 216,500 private units at a price of $10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $2,165,000. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the amount of placement units sold will be 230,000 for an aggregate purchase price of $2,300,000. Each placement unit consists of one ordinary share and one warrant. Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one-half share of one ordinary shares. Warrants must be exercised in multiples of two warrants, at a price of $11.50 per full share. These securities will also be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Holders of insider shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem any insider shares or placement shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.
  The representative may have a conflict of interest if they render services to us in connection with our initial business combination.
  We may elect to engage Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark Investments (who is the representative of the underwriters of this offering) to assist us in connection with our initial business combination. The representative shares held by the representative and/or its designees will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. Therefore, if the representative provides services to us in connection with our initial business combination, these financial interests may result in the representative having a conflict of interest when providing such services to us.
    36  
        Our outstanding warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effect a business combination.
  We will be issuing warrants that will result in the issuance of up to 2,500,000 ordinary shares as part of the units offered by this prospectus and private warrants that will result in the issuance of an additional 108,250 ordinary shares. The potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of the warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when converted, will increase the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent these warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings.
  If our shareholders exercise their registration rights with respect to their securities, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination.
  Our initial shareholders are entitled to make a demand that we register the resale of their insider shares (1,437,500 ordinary shares, including up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part) at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the purchasers of the private units and our initial shareholders, officers and directors are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the 216,500 ordinary shares (or 230,000 ordinary shares if the overallotment is exercised in full) underlying the private units and 108,250 ordinary shares (or 115,000 ordinary shares if the overallotment is exercised in full) underlying the private warrants, at any time after we consummate a business combination. The presence of these additional securities trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the shareholders of the target business may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our ordinary shares.
  If we are deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination.
  A company that, among other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account only in United States government treasury bills, notes or bonds having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United States treasuries, we believe that we will not be considered to be an investment company pursuant to the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
    37  
        If we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it more difficult for us to complete a business combination, including:
    ● restrictions on the nature of our investments; and
        ● restrictions on the issuance of securities.
  In addition, we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including:
    ● registration as an investment company;
        ● adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and
        ● reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
  Compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense that we have not provided for.
  We may not seek an opinion from an unaffiliated third party as to the fair market value of the target business we acquire.
  We are not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party that the target business we select has a fair market value in excess of at least 80% of the balance of the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) unless our board of directors cannot make such determination on its own. We are also not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party indicating that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view unless the target is affiliated with our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, whose collective experience in business evaluations for blank check companies like ours is not significant. Furthermore, our directors may have a conflict of interest in analyzing the transaction due to their personal and financial interests.
  We may acquire a target business that is affiliated with our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates.
  While we do not currently intend to pursue an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates, we are not prohibited from pursuing such a transaction, nor are we prohibited from consummating a business combination where any of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates acquire a minority interest in the target business alongside our acquisition, provided in each case we obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party indicating that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. These affiliations could cause our officers or directors to have a conflict of interest in analyzing such transactions due to their personal and financial interests.
  The determination of the offering price of our units is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry.
  Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the representative of the underwriters. Factors considered in determining the prices and terms of the units, including the ordinary shares and warrants underlying the units, include:
    ● the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
        ● prior offerings of those companies;
    38  
          ● our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
        ● our capital structure;
        ● the per share amount of net proceeds being placed in the trust account;
        ● an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
        ● general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the offering; and
        ● other factors as were deemed relevant.
  However, although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results to compare them to.
  There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
  There is currently no market for our securities. Shareholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.
  Because we are incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited.
  We are a company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and certain of our officers and directors are residents of jurisdictions outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.
  Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) or the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under British Virgin Islands law are to a large extent governed by the Companies Act and common law of the British Virgin Islands. The common law of the British Virgin Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the British Virgin Islands as well as from English common law, and whilst the decisions of the English courts are of persuasive authority, they are not binding on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands law are different from statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and some states, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, while statutory provisions do exist in British Virgin Islands law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, shareholders in the British Virginia Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances in which any such action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect to any such action, may result in the rights of shareholders of a British Virgin Islands company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States. Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred.
    39  
        We have been advised by our British Virgin Islands legal counsel that the courts of the British Virgin Islands are unlikely:
    ● to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws where that liability is in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; and
        ● to impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the British Virgin Islands, based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature.
  There is no statutory recognition in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of the British Virgin Islands will in certain circumstances recognize such a foreign judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary provided that:
    ● the U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted to such jurisdiction or was resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process;
        ● the U.S. judgment is final and for a liquidated sum;
        ● the judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company;
        ● in obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was given or on the part of the court;
        ● recognition or enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to public policy in the British Virgin Islands; and
        ● the proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice.
  In appropriate circumstances, a British Virgin Islands Court may give effect in the British Virgin Islands to other kinds of final foreign judgments such as declaratory orders, orders for performance of contracts and injunctions.
  As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.
  Because we must furnish our shareholders with financial statements of the target business prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS as issued by the IASB or reconciled to U.S. GAAP, we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
  We will be required to provide historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure relating to our target business to our shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. The financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for the Form 8-K announcing the closing of an initial business combination, which would need to be filed within four business days after closing. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire.
    40  
        Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.
  Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require us to have such system audited by an independent registered public accounting firm. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or shareholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. A target business may also not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.
  We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our securities less attractive to investors.
  We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period exceeds $1.0 billion or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion, or the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile.
  Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will not adopt the new or revised standard until the time private companies are required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.
    41  
        An investment in this offering may involve adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.
  An investment in this offering may involve adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, there is a risk that an investor’s entitlement to receive payments in excess of the investor’s initial tax basis in our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial business combination or upon our liquidation of the trust account will result in constructive income to the investor, which could affect the timing and character of income recognition and result in U.S. federal income tax liability to the investor without the investor’s receipt of sufficient cash from us. Additionally, if we make distributions on our ordinary shares, such distributions will be treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. The ability of a holder to seek conversion of their shares may be viewed as a position with respect to substantially similar or related property which diminishes your risk of loss and thereby affects your ability to satisfy the holding period requirements for the dividends received deduction or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income with respect to the time period prior to the approval of an initial business combination. Our warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis in certain situations as described herein. There is no direct legal authority as to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an exercise of a warrant on a cashless basis. Additionally, any capital gain or loss you realize on a sale or other disposition of our ordinary shares will generally be long-term capital gain or loss if your holding period for the ordinary shares is more than one year. However, the conversion feature of the ordinary shares could affect your ability to satisfy the holding period requirements for the long-term capital gain tax rate with respect to the time period prior to the approval of an initial business combination. Furthermore, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in this offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of the unit between the ordinary shares and warrants included in the units could be challenged by the IRS or the courts. See the section titled “Taxation United States Federal Income Taxation” for a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.
  We have also not sought a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, as to any U.S. federal income tax consequences described in this prospectus. The IRS may disagree with the descriptions of U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Any such determination could subject an investor or our company to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences that would be different than those described in this prospectus. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult a tax advisor with respect to the specific tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our securities, including the applicability and effect of state, local, or foreign tax laws, as well as U.S. federal tax laws.
  We may qualify as a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.
  In general, we will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) for any taxable year in which either (1) at least 75% of our gross income (looking through certain 25% or more-owned corporate subsidiaries) is passive income or (2) at least 50% of the average value of our assets (looking through certain 25% or more-owned corporate subsidiaries) is attributable to assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. Passive income generally includes, without limitation, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and gains from the disposition of passive assets. If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the Section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – General”) of our securities, the U.S. Holder may be subject to increased U.S. federal income tax liability and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — U.S. Holders - Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”). Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (or after the end of the start-up period, if later). Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a “qualified electing fund” election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules.
    42  
        There may be tax consequences to our business combinations that may adversely affect us.
  While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination might not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets. A reorganization that does not qualify as tax-free could result in the imposition of substantial taxes on holders of our securities.
  The British Virgin Islands, together with several other non-European Union jurisdictions, have recently introduced legislation aimed at addressing concerns raised by the Council of the European Union as to offshore structures engaged in certain activities which attract profits without real economic activity. With effect from January 1, 2019, the Economic Substance (Companies and Limited Partnerships) Act, 2018 (the “ESA”) came into force in the British Virgin Islands introducing certain economic substance requirements for British Virgin Islands tax resident companies which are engaged in certain “relevant activities”, which in the case of companies incorporated before January 1, 2019 will apply in respect of financial years commencing June 30, 2019 onwards. However, it is not anticipated that we will be subject to any such requirements prior to any business combination and thereafter the company may still remain out of scope of the legislation or else be subject to more limited substance requirements. Although it is presently anticipated that the ESA will have little material impact on the company or its operations, as the legislation is new and remains subject to further clarification and interpretation it is not currently possible to ascertain the precise impact of these legislative changes on the company.
  If our management following a business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws which could lead to various regulatory issues.
  Following a business combination, our management will likely resign from their positions as officers of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. We cannot assure you that management of the target business will be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.
  If restrictions on repatriation of earnings from the target business’ home jurisdiction to foreign entities are instituted, our business following a business combination may be materially negatively affected.
  It is possible that following an initial business combination, the home jurisdiction of the target business may have restrictions on repatriations of earnings or additional restrictions may be imposed in the future. If they were, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
    43  
        Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.
  The outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we may consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. We may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, if the target company’s personnel, vendors and service providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner, or if COVID-19 causes a prolonged economic downturn. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
  In addition, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events.
  Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
  At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Because our board of directors may consummate our initial business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our business combination.
    44  
        The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into our initial business combination with a target.
  We may enter into a transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition, and as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of the business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commission or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the transaction agreement relating to the business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of the business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets would be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into our initial business combination transaction with us.
  The ability of a large number of our shareholders to exercise redemption rights may not allow us to consummate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
  In connection with the successful consummation of our business combination, we may redeem up to that number of ordinary shares that would permit us to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements—potentially further limiting the redemption threshold—or arrange for third party financing. Alternatively, we may need to restructure the transaction or arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination in case a larger percentage of shareholders exercise their redemption rights than we expect. If the acquisition involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to the target or its shareholders to make up for the failure to satisfy a minimum cash requirement. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.
  The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock.
  If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market.
  If we seek shareholder approval of our business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from shareholders, in which case they may influence a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support.
  If we seek shareholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions either prior to or following the consummation of our initial business combination. Such purchases will not be made if our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates are in possession of any material non-public information that has not been disclosed to the selling shareholder. Such a purchase would include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases.
    45  
        The purpose of such purchases would be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (2) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of the business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the consummation of an initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
  Purchases of ordinary shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may make it difficult for us to maintain the listing of our shares on a national securities exchange following the consummation of an initial business combination.
  If our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase ordinary shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, the public “float” of our ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our securities would both be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain the listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange following consummation of the business combination.
  You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
  Our public shareholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of a redemption to public shareholders prior to any winding up in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination or our liquidation, if they redeem their shares in connection with an initial business combination that we consummate or if we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of our redemption obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 24 months of the closing of this offering. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to the funds in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
  If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
  The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, assuming that our initial business combination is not consummated during that time. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we are unable to fund such down payments or “no shop” provisions, our ability to close a contemplated transaction could be impaired. Furthermore, if we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive a pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account (which may be less than $10.00 per share) (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless.
    46  
        If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for an initial business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
  Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units, only approximately $845,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $420,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $420,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately $10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares.
  Subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges.
  Even if we conduct thorough due diligence on a target business with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the initial business combination constituted an actionable material misstatement or omission.
    47  
        Our directors may decide not to enforce indemnification obligations against our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders.
  In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ overallotment option is exercised in full) and our sponsor, asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine on our behalf whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations on our behalf, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
  We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.
  We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
  Because we have not selected a particular business or specific geographic location or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’ operations.
  While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any geographic region, business industry or sector, we intend to initially focus on those industries or sectors that complement our management team’s background. Except for the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) and that we are not permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. We may therefore be presented with a business combination candidate in an industry unfamiliar to our management team, but determine that such candidate offers an attractive investment opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an investment outside of our management’s expertise, our management’s experience may not be directly applicable to the target business or their evaluation of its operations. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to our initial business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we consummate our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. In addition, investors will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of a particular target business. An investment in our shares may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in an acquisition target.
    48  
        Although we identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
  Although we have identified specific criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we consummate our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce our initial business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or NASDAQ, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless.
  Management’s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with our management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our shareholders.
  Subject to the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Investors will be relying on management’s ability to identify business combinations, evaluate their merits, conduct or monitor diligence and conduct negotiations. Management’s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our shareholders, which would be the case if the trading price of our ordinary shares after giving effect to such business combination was less than the per-share trust liquidation value that our shareholders would have received if we had dissolved without consummating our initial business combination.
    49  
        Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not consummated.
  We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share or even less (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless.
  We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
  If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
  We may attempt to consummate our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available.
  In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in our initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
  We may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination.
  We may structure our initial business combination to acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only consummate such business combination if we will become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or to the extent permitted by law we may acquire interests in a variable interest entity, in which we may have less than a majority of the voting rights in such entity, but in which we are the primary beneficiary. Even though we may own a majority interest in the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that we will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
    50  
        A public shareholder who fails to vote either in favor of or against a proposed business combination will not be able to have his shares redeemed for cash.
  In order for a public shareholder to have his shares redeemed for cash in connection with any proposed business combination, that public shareholder must vote either in favor of or against a proposed business combination. If a public shareholder fails to vote in favor of or against a proposed business combination, whether that shareholder abstains from the vote or simply does not vote, that shareholder would not be able to have his ordinary shares so redeemed to cash in connection with such business combination.
  Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside of the United States
  We may effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States and if we do, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our business operations and financial results.
  If we consummate a business combination with a target business located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ governing jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, any of the following:
    ● rules and regulations or currency redemption;
        ● corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
        ● tariffs and trade barriers;
        ● regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
        ● longer payment cycles than in the United States;
        ● inflation;
        ● economic policies and market conditions;
        ● unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;
        ● challenges in managing and staffing international operations;
        ● tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
        ● currency fluctuations;
    51  
          ● challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
        ● cultural and language differences;
        ● protection of intellectual property;
        ●
employment regulations; 
        ● deterioration of political relations with the United States.
  We cannot assure you that we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer.
  Because of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted.
  Managing a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance.
  If social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, or policy changes or enactments occur in a country in which we may operate after we effect our initial business combination, it may result in a negative impact on our business.
  Political events in another country may significantly affect our business, assets or operations. Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, and policy changes or enactments could negatively impact our business in a particular country.
  Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
  Our ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition.
  Rules and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent.
  Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results.
    52  
        If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.
  If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws.
  If relations between the United States and foreign governments deteriorate, it could cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive.
  The relationship between the United States and foreign governments could be subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. For instance, the United States may announce its intention to impose quotas on certain imports. Such import quotas may adversely affect political relations between the two countries and result in retaliatory countermeasures by the foreign government in industries that may affect our ultimate target business. Changes in political conditions in foreign countries and changes in the state of U.S. relations with such countries are difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations or cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible extent of any impact on our ultimate operations if relations are strained between the United States and a foreign country in which we acquire a target business or move our principal manufacturing or service operations.
  If any dividend is declared in the future and paid in a foreign currency, you may be taxed on a larger amount in U.S.
  If you are a U.S. holder of our ordinary shares, you will be taxed on the U.S. dollar value of your dividends, if any, at the time you receive them, even if you actually receive a smaller amount of U.S. dollars when the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Specifically, if a dividend is declared and paid in a foreign currency, the amount of the dividend distribution that you must include in your income as a U.S. holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in the foreign currency, determined at the spot rate of the foreign currency to the U.S. dollar on the date the dividend distribution is includible in your income, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Thus, if the value of the foreign currency decreases before you actually convert the currency into U.S. dollars, you will be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will ultimately receive.
  After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.
  The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. The economy in Greater China and other Asian Countries differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects. Such economic growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.
    53  
        Currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.
  In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.
  Many of the economies in Asia are experiencing substantial inflationary pressures which may prompt the governments to take action to control the growth of the economy and inflation that could lead to a significant decrease in our profitability following our initial business combination.
  While many of the economies in Asia have experienced rapid growth over the last two decades, they currently are experiencing inflationary pressures. As governments take steps to address the current inflationary pressures, there may be significant changes in the availability of bank credits, interest rates, limitations on loans, restrictions on currency conversions and foreign investment. There also may be imposition of price controls. If prices for the products of our ultimate target business rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in the costs of supplies, it may have an adverse effect on our profitability. If these or other similar restrictions are imposed by a government to influence the economy, it may lead to a slowing of economic growth. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, the ultimate industry that we operate in may be affected more severely by such a slowing of economic growth.
  Many industries in Asia are subject to government regulations that limit or prohibit foreign investments in such industries, which may limit the potential number of acquisition candidates.
  Governments in many Asian countries have imposed regulations that limit foreign investors’ equity ownership or prohibit foreign investments altogether in companies that operate in certain industries. As a result, the number of potential acquisition candidates available to us may be limited or our ability to grow and sustain the business, which we ultimately acquire will be limited.
    54  
        If a country in Asia enacts regulations in industry segments that forbid or restrict foreign investment, our ability to consummate our initial business combination could be severely impaired.
  Many of the rules and regulations that companies face concerning foreign ownership are not explicitly communicated. If new laws or regulations forbid or limit foreign investment in industries in which we want to complete our initial business combination, they could severely impair our candidate pool of potential target businesses. Additionally, if the relevant central and local authorities find us or the target business with which we ultimately complete our initial business combination to be in violation of any existing or future laws or regulations, they would have broad discretion in dealing with such a violation, including, without limitation:
  ● levying fines;
    ● revoking our business and other licenses;
    ● requiring that we restructure our ownership or operations; and
    ● requiring that we discontinue any portion or all of our business.
  Any of the above could have an adverse effect on our company post-business combination and could materially reduce the value of your investment.
  Corporate governance standards in Asia may not be as strict or developed as in the United States and such weakness may hide issues and operational practices that are detrimental to a target business.
  General corporate governance standards in some countries are weak in that they do not prevent business practices that cause unfavorable related party transactions, over-leveraging, improper accounting, family company interconnectivity and poor management. Local laws often do not go far enough to prevent improper business practices. Therefore, shareholders may not be treated impartially and equally as a result of poor management practices, asset shifting, conglomerate structures that result in preferential treatment to some parts of the overall company, and cronyism. The lack of transparency and ambiguity in the regulatory process also may result in inadequate credit evaluation and weakness that may precipitate or encourage financial crisis. In our evaluation of a business combination we will have to evaluate the corporate governance of a target and the business environment, and in accordance with United States laws for reporting companies take steps to implement practices that will cause compliance with all applicable rules and accounting practices. Notwithstanding these intended efforts, there may be endemic practices and local laws that could add risk to an investment we ultimately make and that result in an adverse effect on our operations and financial results.
    55  
        CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
  The statements contained in this prospectus that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipates,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predicts,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about our:
    ● ability to identify or complete an initial business combination;
        ● limited operating history;
        ● success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
        ● potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete a business combination;
        ● pool of prospective target businesses;
        ● the ability of our officers and directors to generate potential investment opportunities;
        ● potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for shares;
        ● our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
        ● regulatory or operational risks associated with acquiring a target business;
        ● use of proceeds not held in the trust account;
        ● financial performance following this offering; or
        ● listing or delisting of our securities from NASDAQ or the ability to have our securities listed on NASDAQ following our initial business combination.
  The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
    56  
        NOTE REGARDING OUR CHOICE OF BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS AND THE ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES
  Reasons for our Choice of Incorporating in the British Virgin Islands
  We are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands because of the following benefits we believe are found there:
    ● political and economic stability;
        ● an effective and sophisticated judicial system with a dedicated Commercial Court;
        ● tax neutral treatment, with no tax levied against companies incorporated in the British Virgin Islands by the local tax authorities;
        ● the absence of exchange control or currency restrictions;
        ● the availability of professional and support services;
        ● commitment of the British Virgin Islands to implement best international practice and to comply with the requirements of the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the Financial Action Taskforce (FATF);
        ● the adoption of the English law concept of corporate separateness to mitigate the risk of the assets of a shareholder being used to satisfy the liabilities of the company; and
        ● confidentiality for shareholders.
  However, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides significantly less protection to investors, and British Virgin Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States.
  We believe the disadvantages of incorporating in the British Virgin Islands are outweighed by the benefits to us and our investors of such incorporation.
  Enforceability of Civil Liabilities
  We are a company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and therefore, located and administered from outside of the United States. The proceeds we receive from this offering will be held in U.S. Dollars and deposited in a trust account in the United States maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. The trust account will be governed by an Investment Management Trust Agreement between us and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Our U.S. agent for service of process is National Corp. However, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process on us or our officers or directors within the United States in a way that will permit a U.S. court to have jurisdiction over us.
  Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) or the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under British Virgin Islands law are to a large extent governed by the Companies Act and common law of the British Virgin Islands. The common law of the British Virgin Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the British Virgin Islands as well as from English common law, and whilst the decisions of the English courts are of persuasive authority, they are not binding on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands law are different from statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and some states, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, while statutory provisions do exist in British Virgin Islands law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, shareholders in the British Virgin Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances in which any such action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect to any such action, may result in the rights of shareholders of a British Virgin Islands company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States. Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred.
    57  
        Under British Virgin Islands law, the directors owe fiduciary duties at both common law and under statute, including a statutory duty to act honestly, in good faith and with a view to what the directors believe are our best interests. When exercising powers or performing duties as a director, the director is required to exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director would exercise in the circumstances taking into account, without limitation the nature of the company, the nature of the decision and the position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him. In exercising the powers of a director, the directors must exercise their powers for a proper purpose and shall not act or agree to the company acting in a manner that contravenes our memorandum and articles of association or the Companies Act.
  In certain limited circumstances, a shareholder has the right to seek various remedies against the company in the event the directors are in breach of their duties under the Companies Act. Pursuant to Section 184B of the Companies Act, if a company or director of a company engages in, proposes to engage in or has engaged in, conduct that contravenes the provisions of the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles of association of the company, the courts of the British Virgin Islands may, on application of a shareholder or director of the company, make an order directing the company or director to comply with, or restraining the company or director from engaging in conduct that contravenes the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles. Furthermore, pursuant to section 184I(1) of the Companies Act a shareholder of a company who considers that the affairs of the company have been, are being or likely to be, conducted in a manner that is, or any acts of the company have been, or are likely to be oppressive, unfairly discriminatory, or unfairly prejudicial to him in that capacity, may apply to the courts of the British Virgin Islands for an order which, inter alia, can require the company or any other person to pay compensation to the shareholders.
  If we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of the Insolvency Act (i.e. (i) it fails to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under section 157 of the Insolvency Act; (ii) the execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands Court in favor of a creditor of the company is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of the company’s liabilities exceeds its assets, or the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due), there are very limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a “voidable transaction” for the purposes of the Insolvency Act. A voidable transaction would include, for these purposes, payments made as “unfair preferences” or “transactions at an undervalue”. A liquidator appointed over an insolvent company who considers that a particular transaction or payment is a voidable transaction under the Insolvency Act could apply to the British Virgin Islands Courts for an order setting aside that payment or transaction in whole or in part.
  We have been advised by our British Virgin Islands legal counsel that the courts of the British Virgin Islands are unlikely:
    ● to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws where that liability is in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; and
        ● to impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the British Virgin Islands, based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature.
  The courts of the British Virgin Islands will not necessarily enter judgments in original actions brought in those courts predicated on U.S. federal or state securities laws. Additionally, we have been advised by British Virgin Islands Counsel that there is no statutory enforcement in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, however, the courts of the British Virgin Islands will in certain circumstances recognize such a foreign judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary provided that: (i) the U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted to such jurisdiction or was resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process; (ii) the U.S. judgment is final and for a liquidated sum; (iii) the judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; (iv) in obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was given or on the part of the court; (v) recognition or enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to public policy in the British Virgin Islands; and (vi) the proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice.
  In appropriate circumstances, a British Virgin Islands Court may give effect in the British Virgin Islands to other kinds of final foreign judgments such as declaratory orders, orders for performance of contracts and injunctions.
  As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company.
  In addition, many of our directors and officers are nationals or residents of United States of America, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Singapore and the People’s Republic of China and all or a substantial portion of their assets are located in the aforementioned locations.
    58  
        USE OF PROCEEDS
  We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, in addition to the funds we will receive from the sale of the private units (all of which will be deposited into the trust account), will be as set forth in the following table:
      Without
Over-
Allotment
Option     Over-Allotment
Option
Exercised  
              Gross proceeds                
From offering   $ 50,000,000     $ 57,500,000  
From private placement     2,165,000       2,300,000  
Total gross proceeds   $ 52,165,000     $ 59,800,000  
                  Offering expenses (1)                
Non-contingent underwriting discount (1.8% of gross proceeds from offering, which excludes the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions of up to $750,000 from offering)   $ 900,000 (2)   $ 1,035,000 (2)
Initial Trustee’s fee     6,500       6,500  
Legal fees and expenses     250,000       250,000  
NASDAQ listing fee     50,000       50,000  
Printing and engraving expenses     15,000       15,000  
Accounting fees and expenses     40,000       40,000  
FINRA filing fee     9,160       9,160  
SEC registration fee     6,298       6,298  
Miscellaneous expenses     43,042       43,042  
Total offering expenses (not including deferred underwriting discounts and commissions)   $ 1,320,000     $ 1,455,000  
                  Net proceeds of the offering and private placement                
Held in trust   $ 50,000,000 (3)   $ 57,500,000 (3)
Not held in trust     845,000       845,000  
Total net proceeds (including deferred underwriting discounts and commissions)   $ 50,845,000     $ 58,345,000  
                  Use of net proceeds not held in trust (4)(5)                
Legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant to the search for target businesses and to the due diligence investigation, structuring and negotiation of a business combination   $ 195,000       23.08 %
Due diligence of prospective target businesses by officers, directors and initial shareholders     70,000       8.28 %
Legal and accounting fees relating to SEC reporting obligations     40,000       4.73 %
Payment of administrative fee to SAMCL ($10,000 per month for up to 24 months), subject to deferral as described herein     240,000       28.40 %
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses, D&O insurance, general corporate purposes, liquidation obligations and reserves     300,000       35.50 %
Total   $ 845,000       100.00 %
  (1) A portion of the offering expenses, including the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee, the non-refundable portion of the NASDAQ listing fee and a portion of the legal and audit fees, have been paid from the funds we borrowed from our sponsor, described below. These funds will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us. If we determine not to proceed with the offering, such amounts would not be repaid.
    (2) No discounts or commissions will be paid with respect to the purchase of the private units.
    (3) The funds held in the trust account may, but need not, be used to pay our expenses relating to completing our initial business combination, including deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to the underwriters in an amount of up to $750,000 of the total gross proceeds raised in the offering described below.
    (4) The amount of proceeds not held in trust will remain constant at $845,000 even if the over-allotment is exercised.
    (5) These are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of that business combination. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would be deducted from our excess working capital.
    59  
        Our sponsor has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 216,500 private units at a price of $10.00 per private unit ($2,165,000 in the aggregate) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has further agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters, it will purchase from us at a price of $10.00 per private unit an additional number of private units (up to a maximum of 13,500 private units) pro rata with the amount of the over-allotment option exercised so that at least $10.00 per share sold to the public in this offering is held in trust regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part. These additional private units will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below.
  $50,000,000, or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units will be placed in an account in the United States, maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, as trustee. Pursuant to the investment management trust agreement that will govern the investment of such funds, the trustee, upon our written instructions, will invest the funds as set forth in such written instructions and to custody the funds while invested and until otherwise instructed in accordance with the investment management trust agreement. The funds held in trust will be invested only in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United States government treasuries, so that we are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our income or other tax obligations, the proceeds will not be released from the trust account until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or our liquidation. The proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete a business combination to the extent not used to pay converting shareholders. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance operations of the target business.
  The payment to SAMCL of a monthly fee of $10,000 is for general and administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial support. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. This arrangement is being agreed to by SAMCL for our benefit. We believe that the fee charged by SAMCL is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. This arrangement will terminate upon completion of our initial business combination or the distribution of the trust account to our public shareholders. Other than the $10,000 per month fee, no compensation of any kind (including finder’s, consulting or other similar fees) will be paid to any of our existing officers, directors, shareholders, or any of their affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. Since the role of present management after a business combination is uncertain, we have no ability to determine what remuneration, if any, will be paid to those persons after a business combination.
    60  
        Regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the net proceeds from this offering available to us out of trust for our working capital requirements in searching for a business combination will be approximately $845,000. We intend to use the excess working capital available for miscellaneous expenses such as paying fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business and for director and officer liability insurance premiums, with the balance being held in reserve in the event due diligence, legal, accounting and other expenses of structuring and negotiating business combinations exceed our estimates, as well as for reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our initial shareholders, officers and directors in connection with activities on our behalf as described above. We will also be entitled to have interest earned on the funds held in the trust account released to us to pay any tax obligations that we may owe.
  The allocation of the net proceeds available to us outside of the trust account, along with the interest earned on the funds held in the trust account available to us (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account), represents our best estimate of the intended uses of these funds. In the event that our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, we may reallocate some of such proceeds within the above described categories. If our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available from the trust account is insufficient as a result of the current low interest rate environment, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. In this event, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from members of our management team, but such members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.
  We will likely use a substantial portion of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business, to pay holders who wish to convert or sell their shares to us for a portion of the funds held in the trust account and to pay our expenses relating thereto. If the payment of our liabilities, including the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to the underwriters in an amount up to $750,000, were to reduce the amount available to us in trust necessary to pay all holders who wish to convert or sell their shares to us for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, we would not be able to consummate such transaction. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the proceeds held in the trust account which are not used to consummate a business combination, to pay holders who wish to convert their shares into a portion of the funds held in the trust account or pay our expenses relating thereto will be disbursed to the combined company and will, along with any other net proceeds not expended, be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products.
  To the extent we are unable to consummate a business combination, we will pay the costs of liquidating our trust account from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, HHG Capital Fund SP, has agreed to advance us the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than $18,500) and has agreed not to seek repayment of such expenses.
  As of December 31, 2020, HHG Capital Fund SP, had loaned to us an aggregate of $48,302 to be used to pay formation and a portion of the expenses of this offering. The loan is payable without interest on the date on which we consummate our initial public offering. If we determine not to proceed with the offering, such amounts would not be repaid.
  In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering until completion of an initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 50,000 ordinary shares and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted). If we do not complete our initial business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available.
  A public shareholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account (including interest earned on his, her or its portion of the trust account to the extent not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations) only in the event of (i) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period or (ii) if that public shareholder converts such public shares or sells them to us in a tender offer in each case in connection with a business combination which we consummate or (iii) in connection with an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
    61  
        DIVIDEND POLICY
  We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a share capitalizations immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain our initial shareholders’ ownership at 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering (excluding ownership of the private units). Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
    62  
        DILUTION
  The difference between the public offering price per share, assuming no value is attributed to the redeemable warrants included in the units we are offering by this prospectus and included in the private units, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private warrants. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities by the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares.
  At December 31, 2020, our net tangible book value was a deficit of $23,254 or approximately $0.02 per share. After giving effect to the sale of 5,000,000 (or 5,750,000 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) ordinary included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, the deduction of underwriting discounts and estimated expenses of this offering, the issuance of the representative shares and the sale of the private units, our pro forma net tangible book value at December 31, 2020 would have been $5,000,006 or $2.53 (or $2.29 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $2.55 (or $2.31 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) per share to our insiders and an immediate dilution of 75% (or 77% if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) per share or $7.47 (or $7.71 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) to new investors not exercising their redemption rights. For purposes of presentation, our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering is $45,101,740 (or $52,601,740 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) less than it otherwise would have been because if we effect our initial business combination, the redemption rights of the public shareholders (but not our insiders) may result in the conversion or tender of up to 4,510,174 (or 5,260,174 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) shares sold in this offering.
  The following table illustrates the dilution to the new investors on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the redeemable warrants, including the private warrants:
  Public offering price           $ 10.00  
Net tangible book value before this offering   $ (0.02 )        
Increase attributable to new investors and private sales   $ 2.55          
Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering           $ 2.53  
Dilution to new investors           $ 7.47  
Percentage of dilution to new investors             75 %
  The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial shareholders and the new investors:
      Shares Purchased     Total Consideration     Average
Price  
    Number     Percentage     Amount     Percentage     Per Share  
Initial shareholders (1)     1,250,000       19.27 %   $ 25,000       0.05 %   $ 0.02  
Shares underlying private unit     216,500       3.34 %   $ 2,165,000       4.15 %   $ 10.00  
Representative shares(2)     20,000       0.31 %     -       0.00 %   $ -  
New investors     5,000,000       77.08 %   $ 50,000,000       95.80 %   $ 10,00  
      6,486,500       100.00 %   $ 52,190,000       100.00 %        
  (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders have been forfeited as a result thereof.
(2)
Assumes the issuance of the 20,000 shares to the representative.
      63  
        The pro forma net tangible book value after the offering is calculated as follows:
  Numerator:(1)        
Net tangible book value before this offering   $ (23,254 )
Net proceeds from this offering and private placement of private units     50,845,000  
Plus: Offering cost accrued for and paid in advance, excluded from net tangible book value before this offering     30,000  
Less: Deferred underwriting discounts and commissions     (750,000 )(2)
Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to conversion/tender     (45,101,740 )
    $ 5,000,006  
          Denominator:        
Ordinary shares issued and outstanding prior to this offering (1)     1,250,000  
Ordinary shares to be sold in this offering     5,000,000  
Ordinary shares included in the private units     216,500  
Representative shares     20,000  
Less: Shares subject to conversion/tender     (4,510,174 )
      1,976,326  
  (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholder have been forfeited as a result thereof.
(2) Deferred underwriting discounts and commission up to $750,000
    64  
        CAPITALIZATION
  The following table sets forth our capitalization at December 31, 2020 and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of our units and the private units and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities:
      As at December 31, 2020  
    Actual     As Adjusted(1)  
Promissory Note – related party(2)   $ 48,302     $ -  
Deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable     -       750,000  
Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, and 4,510,174 shares are subject to possible conversion/tender     -       45,101,740 (3)
Ordinary shares, $0.0001, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 1,250,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020; 1,976,326 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 4,510,174 shares subject to possible conversion/tender), as adjusted     125       198  
Additional paid-in capital     24,875       5,018,062  
Accumulated deficit     (18,254 )     (18,254 )
Total shareholders’ equity     6,746       5,000,006  
Total capitalization   $ 55,048     $ 50,851,746 (4)
  (1) Includes the $2,165,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units.
(2) As of December 31, 2020, HHG Capital Fund SP had loaned to us an aggregate of $48,302 to be used to pay formation and a portion of the expenses of this offering. The loan is payable without interest on the date on which we consummate our initial public offering.
(3) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares issued in February 2021 and held by our initial shareholders have been forfeited as a result thereof. Includes 216,500 shares underlying the private units purchased by our sponsor concurrent with this offering.
(4) Derived by taking 4,510,174 shares which may be redeemed, representing the maximum number of shares that may be converted while maintaining at least $5,000,001 in net tangible assets after the offering, multiplied by $10.00.
(5) Derived by adding deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable, total shareholders’ equity and the value of ordinary shares subject to possible conversion.
    65  
        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
  We are a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on July 15, 2020 with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders have no liability, as shareholders of the Company, for the liabilities of the Company over and above the amount paid for their shares) to serve as a vehicle to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares:
    ● may significantly reduce the equity interest of our shareholders;
        ● may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preferred shares with rights senior to those afforded to our ordinary shares;
        ● will likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
        ● may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
        ● may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities.
  Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in:
    ● default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations;
        ● acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
        ● our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
        ● our inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding;
        ● our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;
        ● using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
        ● limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
        ● Increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
        ● limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt
    66  
        Liquidity and Capital Resources
  As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2020, we had cash of $25,048 and working capital of $6,746. During the period from July 15, 2020 (date of inception) to December 31, 2020, the Company incurred net loss of $18,254 and had negative cash generated from operating activities of $18,254. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this uncertainty through this offering are discussed above. Our plans to raise capital or to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
  Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through receipt of $25,000 in November 2020 from the sale of the insider shares and a loan from our sponsor, in an aggregate amount of approximately $48,302 that is more fully described below. We estimate that the net proceeds from (1) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $420,000 and underwriting discounts and commissions of $900,000 (or $1,035,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) (not including the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions) and (2) the sale of the private units for a purchase price of up to $2,165,000 (or $2,300,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be $50,845,000 (or $58,345,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) (including the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions). Of this amount, $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account. The remaining $845,000 (whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will not be held in the trust account.
  We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to the underwriters in an amount up to $750,000. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effectuate our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses.
  Over the next 24 months, we will be using the funds held outside of the trust account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. Out of the funds available outside the trust account, we anticipate that we will incur approximately:
    ● $195,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of a business combination;
        ● $70,000 of expenses for the due diligence and investigation of a target business by our officers, directors and initial shareholders;
        ● $40,000 of expenses in legal and accounting fees relating to our SEC reporting obligations; and
        ● $240,000 for the payment of the administrative fee to SAMCL (of $10,000 per month for up to 24 months commencing on January 1, 2021), subject to deferral as described herein; and
        ● $300,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses, including director and officer liability insurance premiums.
    67  
        If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to us from the trust account is less than we expect as a result of the current interest rate environment, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.
  Related Party Transactions
  In July 2020, 10,000 insider shares were issued to our initial subscriber of the Company. In November 2020, the initial subscriber transferred the insider shares that it holds to our sponsor, and the Company further issued 1,240,000 insider shares to our initial shareholders. In February 2021, the Company further allotted an aggregate of 187,500 insider shares to our sponsor, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding to our initial shareholders, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,020, or approximately $0.017 per share.
  As of December 31, 2020, HHG Capital Fund SP loaned to us an aggregate of $48,302 respectively on a non-interest-bearing basis for payment of formation expenses and offering expenses associated with this offering on our behalf. The loans will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering not being placed in the trust account.
  We are obligated, commencing on January 1, 2021, to pay SAMCL, a monthly fee of $10,000 for general and administrative services. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination.
  Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 216,500 private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $2,165,000). Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters, it will purchase from us at a price of $10.00 per private unit an additional number of private units (up to a maximum of 13,500 private units) pro rata with the amount of the over-allotment option exercised so that at least $10.00 per share sold to the public in this offering is held in trust regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part. These additional private units will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option.
  If needed to finance transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business or consummating an intended initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 50,000 ordinary shares and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted). We believe the purchase price of these units will approximate the fair value of such units when issued. However, if it is determined, at the time of issuance, that the fair value of such units exceeds the purchase price, we would record compensation expense for the excess of the fair value of the units on the day of issuance over the purchase price in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 718 — Compensation — Stock Compensation.
    68  
        Controls and Procedures
  We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
    ● staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
        ● reconciliation of accounts;
        ● proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
        ● evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
        ● documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
        ● documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
  Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
  Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion on such report when, or if, required by Section 404. The independent auditors may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting.
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
  The net proceeds of this offering, including amounts in the trust account, will be invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
  As of the date of this prospectus, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have conducted no operations to date.
  JOBS Act
  On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.
  Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company”, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act,(iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements(auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of this offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
    69  
        PROPOSED BUSINESS
  Introduction
  We are a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on July 15, 2020 as a business company with limited liability (meaning that our public shareholders have no liability, as shareholders of our company, for the liabilities of our company over and above the amount paid for their shares). We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.”
  Our sponsor is advised by SAMCL, a Hong Kong SFC licensed asset manager. As a professional in the area of asset management, equity investment, fund investment, advisory and management consulting, SAMCL is a one-stop financial wealth management advisory company. Based on professional and stick-to-the-truth research, SAMCL takes the continuous growth of clients’ asset as its responsibilities with the commitment to diversify risks with scientific investment model. In an effort to provide diversified investment options, SAMCL also provides advisory service in private equity, secondary market portfolio of equity and debt, in real estate, financial services, culture and entertainment industry fund and so forth.
  Our management team is led by Kin (Stephen) Sze, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sze has spent over 15 years in the investment management industry. Mr. Sze has been serving as executive director at SAMCL since July 2020. Prior to that he was the chief executive officer and director of Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp (PAAC) from March 2019 to June 2020. PAAC was a Nasdaq listed SPAC which completed the business combination with Lion Group Holding Limited (LGHL) in June 2020. Prior to that he served as an executive director at Agricultural Bank of China International, Hong Kong, an investment banking business flagship of Agricultural Bank of China, from December 2017 to December 2018. He was a senior manager at China Everbright, a China based finance conglomerate with business in banking, securities, insurance, asset investment and direct management, from April 2006 to November 2017.
  Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business.
  Competitive Strengths
  Our management team is led by Mr. Sze who has over 15 years of combined operational, deal-making and investment experience. Our mission is to unlock value for our shareholders by identifying an acquisition target in any sector with potential to grow. Given the diversified experience of our management team, we believe we have significant resources to identify, diligence, and structure transactions that would benefit all stockholders. We could also get deal sources from our sponsor, or affiliates of our sponsor. Our competitive strengths include the following:
  ● Deep Experience of Operating Partners
  We believe that our ability to leverage the experience of the management team, which comprises executives of different companies across multiple sectors and industries, will provide us a distinct advantage in being able to source, evaluate and consummate an attractive transaction.
    70  
        ● Proprietary Sourcing Channels and Leading Industry Relationships
  We believe the capabilities and connections associated with our management team, in combination with our sponsor and our strategic and operating partners, will provide us with a differentiated pipeline of acquisition opportunities. We expect these sourcing capabilities will be further bolstered by our reputation and deep industry relationships.
  ● Track Record of Investment Experience
  We believe that our management’s track record of identifying and sourcing transactions positions us well to appropriately evaluate potential business combinations and select one that will be well received by the public markets.
  ● Execution and Deal Structuring Capability
  Our combined expertise and reputation will allow us to source and complete transactions possessing structural attributes that create an attractive investment thesis. These types of transactions are typically complex and require creativity, industry knowledge and expertise, rigorous due diligence, and extensive negotiations and documentation. We believe that by focusing our investment activities on these types of transactions, we are able to generate investment opportunities that have attractive risk/reward profiles based on their valuations and structural characteristics
  Acquisition Strategy and Investment Criteria
  Our acquisition strategy is to:
  ● generate attractive returns and create value for our stockholders by applying a disciplined strategy of identifying attractive investment opportunities that could benefit from the addition of capital, management expertise and strategic insight.
    ● identify an opportunity where our management’s expertise could effect a positive transformation of the existing business to improve the overall value proposition while maximizing shareholder value.
    ● identify companies that are under-performing their potential due to a temporary period of dislocation in the markets
    ● source initial business combination opportunities through the extensive networks of our management team, sponsor and their affiliates, including seasoned executives and operators, private equity investors, lenders, attorneys and family offices, that we believe will provide our management team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities.
  Our management team has decades of combined experience setting and implementing strategies to grow revenues and improve profitability, including: helping to develop growth initiatives; developing capital allocation strategies; reducing expenses to increase earnings or to redeploy capital into more beneficial initiatives; pursuing add on acquisitions and divestitures; engaging in capital markets and other financing or restructuring activities; evaluating, changing or enhancing management when appropriate; and crafting other initiatives.
    71  
        To execute our business strategy, we intend to:
  ● Utilize our management team’s extensive network of company owners, management teams, financial intermediaries and others to identify appropriate candidates for a possible business combination;
    ● Conduct rigorous research and analysis of various industries and companies to identify promising potential targets;
    ● Conduct a thorough due diligence review of one or more targets, including an analysis of overall industry and competitive conditions and of company specific information;
    ● Arrange appropriate financing in connection with the business combination to provide the target company with adequate capital to execute its business plan;
    ● Complete a business combination at an attractive price in terms of intrinsic value and future potential;
    ● Implement a business plan that we believe will accelerate growth and provide the company with flexibility in financially and operationally; and
    ● Seek further strategic opportunity of acquisitions, divestitures or other transactions in order to enhance shareholder value.
  Consistent with this business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.
  ● Established Businesses: We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a history of, or potential for, strong, stable cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams.
    ● Generates Stable Free Cash-Flow: We will seek to acquire a business that has historically generated, or has the near-term potential to generate, strong and sustainable free cash flow.
    ● Growth opportunities through capital investment: We intend to seek candidates who will benefit from additional capital investment through a business combination.
    ● Strong management teams with a proven track record: We intend to seek candidates who have strong management teams with a proven track record of driving revenue growth, enhancing profitability and generating strong free cash flow. We will seek to partner with potential target’s management team and expect that the operating and financial abilities of our management and board will help potential target company to unlock opportunities for future growth and enhanced profitability.
    ● Benefit from Being a Public Company: We intend to pursue a business combination with a company that we believe will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company.
    ● Would Benefit Uniquely from our Capabilities: We will seek to acquire a business where the collective capabilities of our management and sponsor can be leveraged to tangibly improve the operations and market position of the target.
    ● Risk-Adjusted Return: We intend to acquire one or more companies that we believe can offer attractive risk-adjusted return on investments for our stockholders.
    72  
        Our Competitive Advantages
  Status as a Publicly Listed Company
  We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering. We believe that target businesses will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional initial public offering. During an initial public offering, there are typically expenses incurred in marketing, which would be costlier than a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our shareholders (if applicable) and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with shareholders’ interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs.
  Strong Financial Position and Flexibility
  With the funds held in our trust account, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.
  Effecting a Business Combination
  General
  We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of private units, our share capital, debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering and the private placement of private units are intended to be applied generally toward effecting a business combination as described in this prospectus, the proceeds are not otherwise being designated for any more specific purposes. Accordingly, investors in this offering are investing without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various U.S. Federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination.
  We Have Not Identified a Target Business
  To date, we have not selected any target business on which to concentrate our search for a business combination. None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders and other affiliates has engaged in discussions on our behalf with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential merger, share exchange, asset acquisition or other similar business combination with us, nor have we, nor any of our agents or affiliates, been approached by any candidates (or representatives of any candidates) with respect to a possible business combination with our company.
    73  
        Subject to the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. Accordingly, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete a business combination. To the extent we effect a business combination with a company or an entity in its early stage of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of early stage or potential emerging growth companies. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
  Sources of Target Businesses
  We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings which will not commence until after the completion of this offering. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their respective affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will any of our existing officers, directors, special advisors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination (regardless of the type of transaction). If we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our officers, directors or initial shareholders, we will do so only if we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. However, as of the date of this prospectus, there is no affiliated entity that we consider a business combination target.
  Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination
  Subject to the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following:
    ● financial condition and results of operation;
    74  
          ● growth potential;
    ● experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel;
    ● capital requirements;
    ● competitive position;
    ● barriers to entry;
    ● stage of development of its products, processes or services;
    ● degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services;
    ● proprietary features and degree of intellectual property or other protection for its products, processes or services;
    ● regulatory environment of the industry; and
    ● costs associated with effecting the business combination.
  We believe such factors will be important in evaluating prospective target businesses, regardless of the location or industry in which such target business operates. However, this list is not intended to be exhaustive. Furthermore, we may decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.
  Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties.
  The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination.
    75  
        Fair Market Value of Target Business
  Pursuant to NASDAQ listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may acquire a target business whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80% of the trust account balance. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure a business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, only the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test, assuming that we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ. In order to consummate such an acquisition, we may issue a significant amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not entered into any such fund-raising arrangement and have no current intention of doing so. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80% threshold.
  We will not be required to comply with the 80% fair market value requirement if we are delisted from NASDAQ. If NASDAQ delists our securities from trading on its exchange after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the fair market value requirement described above and could complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below 80% of the balance in the trust account.
  Lack of Business Diversification
  Our business combination must be with a target business or businesses that collectively satisfy the minimum valuation standard at the time of such acquisition, as discussed above, although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating businesses at the same time. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
    ● subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and
    76  
          ● result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
  If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business.
  Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business’ Management
  Although we intend to scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business’ management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full-time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.
  Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
  Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination
  In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction, or whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do so, we have the flexibility to avoid a shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
    77  
        We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares converted or sold to us) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders may therefore have to wait 24 months from the closing of this offering in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account.
  Our initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. As a result, if we sought shareholder approval of a proposed transaction we could need as little as 155,126 of our public shares (or approximately 3.09% of our public shares) to be voted in favor of the transaction in order to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and the initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering or units or shares in the after-market).
  None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or ordinary shares in this offering or from persons in the open market or in private transactions (other than the private units). However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock.
  Conversion/Tender Rights
  At any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. The redemption rights will be effected under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and British Virgin Islands law as redemptions. If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination, a holder will always have the ability to vote against a proposed business combination and not seek conversion of his shares.
    78  
        Alternatively, if we engage in a tender offer, each public shareholder will be provided the opportunity to sell his public shares to us in such tender offer. The tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their public shares to us in the tender offer or remain an investor in our company.
  Our initial shareholders, officers and directors will not have redemption rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to this offering or purchased by them in this offering or in the aftermarket.
  We may also require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. Once the shares are converted by the holder, and effectively redeemed by us under British Virgin Islands law, the transfer agent will then update our Register of Members to reflect all conversions. The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to shareholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time our proxy statement is mailed through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his redemption rights. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are required to provide at least 10 days’ advance notice of any shareholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a shareholder would have to determine whether to exercise redemption rights. As a result, if we require public shareholders who wish to convert their ordinary shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their redemption rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to.
  There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise redemption rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to shareholders.
  Any request to convert or tender such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion or tender and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration of the tender offer not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
    79  
        If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their conversion or tender rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders.
  Automatic Liquidation of Trust Account if No Business Combination
  If we do not complete a business combination within 24 months from the consummation of this offering, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not necessary to pay our taxes, then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. In the event of our liquidation and subsequent dissolution, the public warrants will expire and will be worthless.
  The amount in the trust account will be treated as funds distributable under the Companies Act provided that immediately following the date on which the proposed distribution is proposed to be made, we are able to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. If we are forced to liquidate the trust account, we anticipate that we would distribute to our public shareholders the amount in the trust account calculated as of the date that is two days prior to the distribution date (including any accrued interest net of taxes payable). Prior to such distribution, we would be required to assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us by our creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such amounts, as creditors take priority over our public shareholders with respect to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them as an unlawful payment in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation. Furthermore, while we will seek to have all vendors and service providers (which would include any third parties we engaged to assist us in any way in connection with our search for a target business) and prospective target businesses execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account or that a court would conclude that such agreements are legally enforceable.
  Each of our initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed to waive its rights to participate in any liquidation of our trust account or other assets with respect to the insider shares and private units and to vote their insider shares, private shares in favor of any dissolution and plan of distribution which we submit to a vote of shareholders. There will be no distribution from the trust account with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless.
  If we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of this offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share redemption price from the trust account would be $10.00.
  The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would be prior to the claims of our public shareholders. Although we will seek to have all vendors, including lenders for money borrowed, prospective target businesses or other entities we engage execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refused to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, we would perform an analysis of the alternatives available to us if we chose not to engage such third party and evaluate if such engagement would be in the best interest of our shareholders if such third party refused to waive such claims. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refused to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a provider of required services willing to provide the waiver. In any event, our management would perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and would only enter into an agreement with a third party that did not execute a waiver if management believed that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason.
    80  
        HHG Capital Fund SP, has agreed that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination, it will be liable to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us in excess of the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account, but only to the extent necessary to ensure that such debts or obligations do not reduce the amounts in the trust account and only if such parties have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure you that it will be able to satisfy those obligations if it is required to do so. Accordingly, the actual per-share redemption price could be less than $10.00 due to claims of creditors. Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public shareholders at least $10.00 per share.
  Competition
  In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources.
  The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses:
    ● our obligation to seek shareholder approval of a business combination or obtain the necessary financial information to be sent to shareholders in connection with such business combination may delay or prevent the completion of a transaction;
    ● our obligation to redeem public shares held by our public shareholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination;
    ● NASDAQ may require us to file a new listing application and meet its initial listing requirements to maintain the listing of our securities following a business combination;
    ● our outstanding warrants and the potential future dilution they represent;
    81  
          ● our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions to the underwriters upon consummation of our initial business combination;
    ●
our obligation to either repay or issue units upon conversion of up to $500,000 of working capital loans that may be made to us by our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates;
    ● our obligation to register the resale of the insider shares, as well as the private units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans; and
    ● the impact on the target business’ assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending on developments involving us prior to the consummation of a business combination.
  Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms.
  If we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively.
  Facilities
  We maintain our principal executive office at 40/F, Montery Plaza, 15 Chong Yip Street, Hong Kong. The cost for this space is provided to us by SAMCL as part of the $10,000 per month payment we make to it for office space and related services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
  Employees
  We have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once management locates a suitable target business to acquire, they will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination.
  Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements
  We have registered our units, ordinary shares, and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
    82  
        We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, the financial information included in the proxy solicitation materials will need to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. The financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for the Form 8-K announcing the closing of an initial business combination, which would need to be filed within four business days thereafter. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial information. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business.
  We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act beginning for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
  We are an emerging growth company as defined in in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. We will remain such for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period or our total revenues exceed $1.07 billion or the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
  Legal Proceedings
  There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such, and we and our officers and directors have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 24 months preceding the date of this prospectus.
  Comparison to Offerings of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419
  The following table compares and contrasts the terms of our offering and the terms of an offering of blank check companies under Rule 419 promulgated by the SEC assuming that the gross proceeds, underwriting discounts and underwriting expenses for the Rule 419 offering are the same as this offering and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the terms of a Rule 419 offering will apply to this offering because we will be listed on a national securities exchange, we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,001 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact.
    83  
            Terms of the Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds   $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the net offering proceeds and proceeds from the sale of the private units will be deposited into a trust account in the United States, maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.   $43,065,000 of the offering proceeds would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
          Investment of net proceeds   The $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the net offering proceeds and proceeds from the sale of the private units held in trust will only be invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United States government treasuries.   Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
  Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business   The initial target business that we acquire must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in our trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. We will not be required to comply with the 80% fair market value requirement if we are delisted from NASDAQ.   We would be restricted from acquiring a target business unless the fair value of such business or net assets to be acquired represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
  Trading of securities issued   The units may commence trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units will begin to trade separately on the 52nd day after the date of this prospectus unless the underwriters inform us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading (based upon its assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets and small capitalization and blank check companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular), provided we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the proceeds of this offering.   No trading of the units or the underlying securities would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
          Exercise of the warrants   The warrants cannot be exercised until the completion of a business combination and, accordingly, will be exercised only after the trust account has been terminated and distributed.   The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account.
    84  
        Election to remain an investor  
We will either (1) give our shareholders the opportunity to vote on the business combination or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us in a tender offer for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account less taxes payable. If we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination, we will send each shareholder a proxy statement containing information required by the SEC. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we must provide at least 10 days advance notice of any meeting of shareholders. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether to exercise their rights to convert their shares into cash at such a meeting or to remain an investor in our company. Alternatively, if we do not hold a meeting and instead conduct a tender offer, we will conduct such tender offer in accordance with the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as we would have included in a proxy statement. The tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their shares to us in the tender offer or remain an investor in our company.
    A prospectus containing information required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company, in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment, to decide whether he or she elects to remain a shareholder of the company or require the return of his or her investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account would automatically be returned to the shareholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all of the deposited funds in the escrow account must be returned to all investors and none of the securities will be issued.
Business combination deadline   Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the consummation of this offering, we will, as soon as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption of their shares and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our memorandum and articles of association and prior to any voluntary winding up..   If an acquisition has not been consummated within 24 months after the effective date of the initial registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account would be returned to investors.
          Interest earned on the funds in the trust account   There can be released to us, from time to time any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we may need to pay our tax obligations. The remaining interest earned on the funds in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our entry into liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.   All interest earned on the funds in the trust account will be held in trust for the benefit of public shareholders until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
  Release of funds   Except for interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination (in which case, the proceeds released to us will be net of the funds used to pay converting or tendering shareholders, as the trustee will directly send the appropriate portion of the amount held in trust to the converting or tendering shareholders at the time of the business combination) and the liquidation of our trust account upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.   The proceeds held in the escrow account would not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
    85  
        MANAGEMENT
  Directors and Executive Officers
  Our current directors and executive officers, their ages and positions are as follows:
  Name   Age   Position
Kin (Stephen) Sze   50   Director, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman
Ngai Wing (Stephen) Chong   36   Chief Financial Officer
Augustine Chow   68   Independent Director
Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng   44   Independent Director
Clive Tsang   39   Independent Director
  Below is a summary of the business experience of each our executive officers and directors:
  Kin (Stephen) Sze. Mr. Kin (Stephen) Sze has been our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board since our inception. He has been serving as executive director at SAMCL since July 2020. Prior to that he was the chief executive officer and director of Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp (PAAC) from March 2019 to June 2020. PAAC was a Nasdaq SPAC which completed a business combination with Lion Group Holding Limited (LGHL) in June 2020. Prior to that he served as an executive director at Agricultural Bank of China International, Hong Kong, an investment banking business flagship of Agricultural Bank of China, from December 2017 to December 2018. Prior to that, he was a senior manager at China Everbright, a China based finance conglomerate with business in banking, securities, insurance, asset investment and direct management, from April 2006 to November 2017. Mr. Sze received an MBA degree from the University of South Australia and a Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Toronto. Mr. Sze is a Chartered Financial Analyst (“CFA”) Charter holder, Fellow of Institute of Public Accountants and Institute of Financial Accountants.
  Ngai Wing (Stephen) Chong. Mr. Chong has been our Chief Financial Officer and director since August 2020. He has been serving as a managing director at Royal Talent Accounting Advisory Limited and Shenzhen Royal Talent Business Consultant Limited since March and May 2019 respectively. Prior to that he served as assurance manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers, one of the big four accounting firm, since August 2010. He was actively involved in PCAOB audit and merger & acquisition for one of the world’s largest oil refining, gas and petrochemical conglomerate. He also in-charge of the audit of number of listed companies with industries of real estate, retail and consumer, TMT, construction and hospitality etc. In December 2019, Mr Chong was awarded the Best Professional Manager (CEO) by China Association for Professional Managers. Mr. Chong received his Bachelor of Business Administration degree major in Accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Mr. Chong is a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“FCPA”) has over 12 years of experience in accounting profession in international firm and relevant financial institution.
  Dr. Augustine Chow. Dr. Chow has been our Independent Director since August 2020. He currently serves as the chairman of Harmony Asset Management Limited, an Hong Kong SFC regulated asset management company that specializes in private equity and venture capital investment, since 1998. He has been director of Celsion Corporation, a company listed on Nasdaq, since March 2007. From 1996-2015, Dr. Chow was the chief executive officer of Harmony Asset Limited, a Hong Kong listed investment company. Between 2008 and 2016 he served as executive director of Kaisun Energy Group Limited. From 1990 to 1998, Dr. Chow was the chief executive officer of Allied Group of Companies based in Hong Kong which included a number of publicly-listed companies spanning various industries. Prior to this, Dr. Chow held a senior position with Brunswick Corporation and Outboard Marine Corporation and was responsible for all business activities in South East Asia and China. Dr. Chow has extensive experience in managing publicly-listed companies that are involved in manufacturing, marketing and financial services. He specializes in mergers and acquisitions. Dr. Chow’s received his Master of Science degree from London Business School, a PhD from the University of South Australia, and an Engineering Doctorate and PhD degree in Biology from City University of Hong Kong.
    86  
        Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng. Mr. Cheng has been our Independent Director since August 2020. He has over 20 years of experience in the finance and accounting field. He has been serving as the general manager and executive director in Success Investment Group Holding Limited since 2019 with major business in provision of financing solutions to High-Net-Worth Individuals in the Greater China region and the South-east Asian countries. Also, he has been serving as senior vice president in Infinity Asset Management Ltd with major business in asset management and investment advisory services since 2019 . Prior to working in the financial services industry, Dr. Cheng served as the managing director of Epower Group Holding Limited from 2013 to 2019 and before that he was the regional finance controller of Asia Pacific of Hufcor Asia Pacific Ltd. from 2007. During his tenure in the commercial field, he led projects on M&A, corporate restructuring and fund raising activities. While Dr. Cheng possesses international business vision, he has solid experience in the management of operations in Hong Kong, Macau, the Mainland China and the South-east Asian countries. Dr. Cheng received his Doctor of Business Administration from The University of Newcastle Australia and MBA degree from The University of Southern Queensland. He is a fellow member of FCPA and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. He is also a licensed representative by Hong Kong Securities Institution on Regulated Activities in Hong Kong.
  Dr. Clive Tsang. Mr. Tsang has been our Independent Director since August 2020. He has been the executive director of Techcrystal Industries Ltd., an advanced manufacturing company specializing in precision engineering, since 2008. Dr. Tsang has over 15 years of experience in advanced manufacturing industry and executive management. He has managerial experience in different disciplines such as sales and marketing, operations, accounting and finance, human resources, etc. As an IT specialist, Dr. Tsang has been spearheading the automations in manufacturing, logistics and information systems, such as the use of robots in manufacturing, quality inspections and logistics management, as well as the deployment of advanced planning and scheduling system. Dr. Tsang is also a certified six sigma black belt, utilizing the lean six sigma concepts to drive for process optimizations and savings. Dr. Tsang is a certified supply chain professional (CSCP) and a project management professional (PMP). He is a certified public accountant and a chartered management accountant (CIMA). He holds a bachelor’s and a master’s degree in engineering from the University of Hong Kong. Dr. Tsang also holds an MBA degree from the University of Chicago. He is appointed to serve as a member of the Barrister Disciplinary Tribunal and the Appeal Panel (Housing) by the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government.
  Executive Officer and Director Compensation
  Other than the $10,000 per month administrative fee paid to the sponsor, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, has been paid or will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged.
    87  
        After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely of Independent Directors.
  We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
  Director Independence
  NASDAQ requires that a majority of our board must be composed of “Independent Directors.” Currently, Dr. Augustine Chow, Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng, and Dr. Clive Tsang would each be considered an “Independent Director” under the NASDAQ listing rules, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Independent Directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only Independent Directors are present.
  We will only enter into a business combination if it is approved by a majority of our Independent Directors. Additionally, we will only enter into transactions with our officers and directors and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Any related-party transactions must also be approved by our audit committee and a majority of disinterested Independent Directors.
  Audit Committee
  Under the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee all of whom must be independent. Effective as of the date of this prospectus, we have established an audit committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Dr. Augustine Chow, Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng, and Dr. Clive Tsang, each of whom is an independent director under NASDAQ’s listing standards. Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng is the Chairperson of the audit committee. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to:
    ● reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K;
        ● discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements;
        ● discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies;
        ● monitoring the independence of the independent auditor;
    88  
          ● verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;
    ● reviewing and approving all related-party transactions;
    ● inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
    ● pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;
    ● appointing or replacing the independent auditor;
    ● determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;
    ● establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and
    ● approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses.
  Financial Experts on Audit Committee
  The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of Independent Directors” who are “financially literate” as defined under NASDAQ listing standards. NASDAQ listing standards define “financially literate” as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement.
  In addition, we must certify to NASDAQ that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng is qualified as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC.
  Nominating Committee
  Effective as of the date of this prospectus, we have established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Dr. Augustine Chow, Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng, and Dr. Clive Tsang, each of whom is an independent director under NASDAQ’s listing standards. Dr. Augustine Chow is the Chairperson of the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others.
  Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees
  The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated:
    ● should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;
    ● should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and
    89  
          ● should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.
  The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our memorandum and articles of association. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.
  Compensation Committee
  Effective as of the date of this prospectus, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Dr. Augustine Chow, Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng, and Dr. Clive Tsang, each of whom is an independent director under NASDAQ’s listing standards. Dr. Augustine Chow is the Chairperson of the compensation committee. The compensation committee’s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to:
    ● reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer’s based on such evaluation;
    ● reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers;
    ● reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;
    ● implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
    ● assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
    ● approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;
    ● if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
    ● reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, including our directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.
    90  
        Code of Ethics
  Upon consummation of this offering, we will adopt a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business.
  Conflicts of Interest
  Potential investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest:
    ● None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities.
    ● In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
    ● Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company.
    ● The insider shares owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if a business combination is successfully completed and subject to certain other limitations. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive distributions from the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares if we do not complete a business combination. Furthermore, our initial shareholders have agreed that the private units will not be sold or transferred by them until after we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us after this offering and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, the personal and financial interests of our directors and executive officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, completing a business combination in a timely manner and securing the release of their shares.
  Under British Virgin Islands law, directors owe the following fiduciary duties:
    (i) duty to act in good faith in what the director believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;
    (ii) duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;
    (iii) directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;
    (iv) duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and
    (v) duty to exercise independent judgment.
  In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has.
  As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.
    91  
        Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. Furthermore, most of our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary obligations to other businesses of which they are officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary obligations. Accordingly, it is possible they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities.
  In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations he might have.
  The following table summarizes the other relevant pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors:
  Name of Individual   Name of Affiliated Company   Affiliation   Priority/Preference relative to
the Company
              Kin (Stephen) Sze   Silverbricks Asset Management Company   Executive Director   Silverbricks Asset Management Company
              Ngai Wing (Stephen) Chong  
Royal Talent Accounting Advisory Limited
Shenzhen Royal Talent Business Consultant Limited
  Managing Partner  
Royal Talent Accounting Advisory Limited
Shenzhen Royal Talent Business Consultant Limited
              Dr. Augustine Chow  
Harmony Asset Management Limited
Celsion Corporation
  Chairman
Director
  Harmony Asset Management Limited
Celsion Corporation
              Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng  
Success Investment Group Holding Limited
Infinity Asset Management Ltd
  General Manager and Executive Director
Senior Vice President
  Success Investment Group Holding Limited
Infinity Asset Management Ltd
              Dr. Clive Tsang   Techcrystal Industries Ltd.   Executive Director   Techcrystal Industries Ltd.
  In connection with the vote required for any business combination, all of our existing shareholders, including all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective insider shares and private shares in favor of any proposed business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to those ordinary shares acquired by them prior to this offering. If they purchase ordinary shares in this offering or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert such shares (or sell their shares in any tender offer) in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination or an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to pre-business combination activity.
    92  
        All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties.
  To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or initial shareholders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and Independent Directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial shareholders, officers, directors, special advisors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination.
  Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors.
  Our memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to certain limitations, the company shall indemnify its directors and officers against all expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to what the person believes is in the best interests of the company and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful. The decision of the directors as to whether the person acted honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company and as to whether the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful and is, in the absence of fraud, sufficient for the purposes of the memorandum and articles of association, unless a question of law is involved. The termination of any proceedings by any judgment, order, settlement, conviction or the entering of a nolle prosequi does not, by itself, create a presumption that the person did not act honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company or that the person had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
  We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our memorandum and articles of association. Our memorandum and articles of association also will permit us to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer or director who at the request of the Company is or was serving as a director or officer of, or in any other capacity is or was acting for, another company or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against the person and incurred by the person in that capacity, whether or not the company has or would have had the power to indemnify the person against the liability as provided in the memorandum and articles of association. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.
  These provisions may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
  We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
  Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is theretofore unenforceable.
    93  
        PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS
  The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this prospectus and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our ordinary shares included in the units offered by this prospectus (assuming none of the individuals listed purchase units in this offering), by:
    ● each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares;
        ● each of our officers and directors; and
        ● all of our officers and directors as a group.
  Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants or conversion of rights as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus and the rights are not convertible within sixty days of the date of this prospectus.
      Prior to Offering     After Offering  
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)   Amount and
Nature of
Beneficial
Ownership     Approximate
Percentage of
Outstanding
Ordinary
Shares     Amount and
Nature of
Beneficial
Ownership(2)     Approximate
Percentage of
Outstanding
Ordinary
Shares  
HHG Capital Fund SP (3)     737,500       51.30 %     766,500       11.87 %
Kin (Stephen) Sze (3)     350,000       24.35 %     350,000       5.42 %
Ngai Wing (Stephen) Chong     145,000       10.09 %     145,000       2.24 %
Dr. Augustine Chow     5,000       * %     5,000       * %
Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng     5,000       * %     5,000       * %
Dr. Clive Tsang     5,000       * %     5,000       * %
Forever Happiness Limited     190,000       13.22 %     190,000       2.94 %
All directors and executive officers (five individuals) as a group     510,000       35.48 %     510,000       7.89 %
All initial shareholders (seven individuals) as a group     1,437,500       100 %     1,466.500       22.61 %
      * Less than 1%.
(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals or entities is c/o HHG Capital Corporation, 40/F, Montery Plaza, 15 Chong Yip Street, Hong Kong.
(2) Assumes no exercise of the over-allotment option and includes 216,500 ordinary shares in the private placement, therefore, an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders are forfeited.
(3) Represents shares held by HHG Capital Fund SP, our sponsor. SAMCL advises and manages our sponsor.
(4) Does not include any shares held by our sponsor. This individual is a member of SAMCL, which manages and advises our sponsor, but does not have any voting or dispositive control over the shares held by our sponsor.
  Immediately after this offering, our initial shareholders will beneficially own approximately 22.61% of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming none of them purchase any units offered by this prospectus). None of our initial shareholders, officers and directors has indicated to us that he intends to purchase securities in this offering. Because of the ownership block held by our initial shareholders, such individuals may be able to effectively exercise control over all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our initial business combination.
    94  
        If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of the over-allotment option, our initial shareholders will have up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture as required by British Virgin Islands law. Our initial shareholders will be required to have redeemed by us only a number of shares necessary to maintain their collective 20% ownership interest in our ordinary shares (excluding the private units) after giving effect to the offering and the exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
  All of the insider shares issued and outstanding prior to the date of this prospectus will be placed in escrow with American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as escrow agent, until (1) the earlier of 150 calendar days after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination or (2) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Up to 187,500 of the insider shares may also be released from escrow earlier than this date for forfeiture and cancellation if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full as described above.
  During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (i) for transfers to our officers, directors or their respective affiliates (including for transfers to an entity’s members upon its liquidation), (ii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (iv) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (v) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases of our securities, (vi) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (vii) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, in each case (except for clause (vii)) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement, but will retain all other rights as our shareholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their ordinary shares and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in ordinary shares, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate the trust account, none of our initial shareholders will receive any portion of the liquidation proceeds with respect to their insider shares.
  Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 216,500 private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $2,165,000). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters, they will purchase from us at a price of $10.00 per private unit an additional number of private units (up to a maximum of 13,500 private units) pro rata with the amount of the over-allotment option exercised so that at least $10.00 per share sold to the public in this offering is held in trust regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part. These additional private units will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private units are identical to the units sold in this offering except the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Additionally, because the private units will be issued in a private transaction, the holders of the private warrants and their transferees will be allowed to exercise such warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares. Furthermore, our sponsor has agreed (A) to vote the ordinary shares underlying the private units, or “private shares,” in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop our public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any private shares for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity and (D) that the private shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. The purchasers of the private units have also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares) until 30 calendar days after the completion of our initial business combination.
    95  
        In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 50,000 ordinary shares and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted). Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the units and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will not be repaid.
  The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private units (and underlying securities), and any securities issued to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of the private units (and underlying securities) and the securities issued in payment of working capital loans (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
  Our sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our “promoters,” as that term is defined under the Federal securities laws.
    96  
        CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS
  In July 2020, 10,000 insider shares were issued to our initial subscriber of the Company. In November 2020, the initial subscriber transferred the insider shares that it holds to our sponsor, and the Company further issued 1,240,000 insider shares to our initial shareholders. In February 2021, the Company further allotted an aggregate of 187,500 insider shares to our sponsor, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding to our initial shareholders, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,020, or approximately $0.017 per share. If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of their over-allotment option, our initial shareholders have agreed that up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares in proportion to the portion of the over-allotment option that was not exercised are subject to forfeiture and would be immediately cancelled.
  If the underwriters determine the size of the offering should be increased (including pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act) or decreased, a share capitalization or a contribution back to capital, as applicable, would be effectuated in order to maintain our initial shareholder’s ownership at a percentage of the number of shares to be sold in this offering.
  Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 216,500 private units at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $2,165,000). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters, they will purchase from us at a price of $10.00 per private unit an additional number of private units (up to a maximum of 13,500 private units) pro rata with the amount of the over-allotment option exercised so that at least $10.00 per share sold to the public in this offering is held in trust regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part. These additional private units will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The purchase price for the private units being purchased by our sponsor will be delivered to Loeb & Loeb LLP, our counsel in connection with this offering, who will also be acting solely as escrow agent in connection with the private sale of such units, at least 24 hours prior to the date of this prospectus to hold in a non-interest bearing account until we consummate this offering. Loeb & Loeb LLP will deposit the purchase price into the trust account simultaneously with the consummation of the offering. The private units are identical to the units sold in this offering except as otherwise described in this prospectus. The purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units or the underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares) until 30 calendar days after the completion of our initial business combination.
  In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our initial shareholders, officers and directors and their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 50,000 ordinary shares and warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted). Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the units and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available.
    97  
        The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private units (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units or securities issued in payment of working capital loans can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
  As of December 31, 2020, our sponsor had loaned us an aggregate of $48,302 to be used to pay formation expenses and a portion of the expenses of this offering. The loan is payable without interest on the date on which we consummate our initial public offering. We intend to repay this loan from the proceeds of this offering not being placed in the trust account. If we determine not to proceed with the offering, such amounts would not be repaid.
  SAMCL, a company owned by our insider, has agreed that, commencing on the date of this prospectus through the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation, it will make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support, as we may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay $10,000 per month for these services. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. We believe that the fee charged by SAMCL is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person.
  Other than the fees described above, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of our initial shareholders, officers or directors who owned our ordinary shares prior to this offering, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior to or with respect to the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
  We will reimburse our officers and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial shareholder or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.
  All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any compensation, will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors (to the extent we have any) or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested “independent” directors (or, if there are no “independent” directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties.
    98  
        Related Party Policy
  Our Code of Ethics, which we will adopt upon consummation of this offering, will require us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our ordinary shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position.
  We also require each of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.
  Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.
  These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer.
  To further minimize potential conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial shareholders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination.
    99  
        DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
  General
  We are a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a BVI business company (company number 2039955) and our affairs are governed by our memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. We are currently authorized to issue a maximum of 500,000,000 shares of a single class, each with par value of $0.0001. As of the date of this prospectus, 1,437,500 ordinary shares are issued and outstanding, held by our initial shareholders. No preferred shares are issued or outstanding. The following description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
  Units
  Each unit consists of one ordinary share and one redeemable warrant. Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share. The exercise price of the warrants is $11.50 per full share and the warrants shall expire on the five-year anniversary of the consummation of the initial business combination.
  The ordinary shares and warrants will begin to trade separately on the 52nd day after the date of this prospectus unless the underwriters determine that an earlier date is acceptable (based upon, among other things, its assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets and small capitalization companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular). In no event will the underwriters allow separate trading of the ordinary shares and warrants until we file an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering.
  We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet promptly upon the consummation of this offering. The audited balance sheet will reflect proceeds we receive from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K, or a new Form 8-K, to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K information indicating when separate trading of the ordinary shares and warrants has commenced.
  Ordinary Shares
  Our shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, all of our initial shareholders, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective ordinary shares owned by them immediately prior to this offering and any shares purchased in this offering or following this offering in the open market in favor of the proposed business combination.
  We will proceed with the business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon consummation of such business combination and a majority of the ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. At least ten days’ notice must be given for each general meeting (although we will provide whatever minimum number of days are required under Federal securities laws). Shareholders may vote at meetings in person or by proxy.
    100  
        The members of our board of directors serve until the next annual general meeting. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors.
  Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not consummate a business combination by 24 months from the consummation of this offering, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption of their shares and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our memorandum and articles of association and prior to commencing any voluntary liquidation. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution from the trust account with respect to their insider shares upon our winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution.
  Our shareholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that public shareholders have the right to have their public shares converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination and the business combination is completed. Public shareholders who convert their public shares into their portion of the trust account still have the right to exercise the redeemable warrants that they received as part of the units.
  Register of Members
  Under the Companies Act, the ordinary shares are deemed to be issued when the name of the shareholder is entered in our register of members. Our register of members will be maintained by our transfer agent American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, which will enter the name of Cede & Co in our register of members on the closing of this offering as nominee for each of the respective public shareholders. If (a) information that is required to be entered in the register of members is omitted from the register or is inaccurately entered in the register, or (b) there is unreasonable delay in entering information in the register, a shareholder of the company, or any person who is aggrieved by the omission, inaccuracy or delay, may apply to the British Virgin Islands courts for an order that the register be rectified, and the court may either refuse the application or order the rectification of the register, and may direct the company to pay all costs of the application and any damages the applicant may have sustained.
  Redeemable Warrants
  No warrants are currently outstanding. Each redeemable warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of the completion of an initial business combination and one (1) year from the effective date of this registration statement. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only an even number of warrants may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. However, except as set forth below, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time.
    101  
        We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
    ● at any time while the warrants are exercisable,
    ● upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder,
    ● if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.50 per share, , as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights, issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading days period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders (the “Force-Call Provision”), and
    ● if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-days trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
  The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant.
  The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.
  If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the volume weighted average price of the ordinary shares for the 20 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis” will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances.
  The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
  The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share capitalizations, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices.
    102  
        The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
  Except as described above, no warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the ordinary shares have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the ordinary shares is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless.
  Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder (and his, her or its affiliates) would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder (and his, her or its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 9.9% of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any person who acquires a warrant with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of our company, or in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect, immediately upon such acquisition will be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the underlying ordinary shares and not be able to take advantage of this provision.
  No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share (as a result of a subsequent share capitalizations payable in ordinary shares, or by a split up of the ordinary shares or other similar event), we will, upon exercise, round up or down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.
  Contractual Arrangements with respect to the Private Warrants
  We have agreed that so long as the private warrants are still held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates, we will not redeem such warrants and we will allow the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis (even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective). However, once any of the foregoing warrants are transferred from the initial purchasers or their affiliates, these arrangements will no longer apply. Additionally, the representative of the underwriters has agreed that it will not be permitted to exercise any warrants underlying the purchase option to be issued to it and/or its designees upon consummation of this offering after the five year anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Furthermore, because the private warrants will be issued in a private transaction, the holders and their transferees will be allowed to exercise the private warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares.
    103  
        Dividends
  We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.
  Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent
  The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219.
  Listing of our Securities
  There is presently no public market for our units, ordinary shares or warrants. We have applied to have the units, and the ordinary shares and warrants once they begin separate trading, listed on NASDAQ under the symbols “HHGCU,” “HHGC,” and “HHGCW,” respectively. Although, after giving effect to this offering, we meet on a pro forma basis the minimum initial listing standards of NASDAQ, which generally only requires that we meet certain requirements relating to shareholders’ equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on NASDAQ as we might not meet certain continued listing standards.
    104  
        BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS COMPANY CONSIDERATIONS
  Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the provisions of applicable British Virgin Islands law, including the Companies Act. The Companies Act differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of some significant differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. A brief discussion of the procedure for mergers and similar arrangements in the British Virgin Islands also follows.
  We cannot predict whether British Virgin Islands courts would reach the same conclusions based on a particular set of facts as U.S. courts would be expected to reach. Therefore, you may have more difficulty in protecting your interests in the face of actions by the management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a U.S. jurisdiction, which has developed a substantial body of case law. The following table provides a comparison between the statutory provisions of the Companies Act together with the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and the Delaware General Corporation Law relating to shareholders’ rights.
  British Virgin Islands   Delaware
      Shareholder Meetings
  ● Held at a time and place as designated in the articles of association. Our amended and restated articles of association provide that our board may designate such time and place.   ● Held at such time or place as designated in the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws, or if not so designated, as determined by the board of directors
          ● May be held within or without the British Virgin Islands   ● May be held within or without Delaware
          ● Notice:     ● Notice:
              ○ Whenever shareholders are required to take action at a meeting, written notice shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and indicate that it is being issued by or at the direction of the person calling the meeting.     ○ Whenever shareholders are required to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, and the means of remote communication, if any.
                ○ A copy of the notice of any meeting shall be given personally or sent by mail or electronic form as designated in the our amended and restated articles of association.     ○ Written notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the meeting.
                ○ Notice of not less than [10] days’ before the meeting        
              Shareholders’ Voting Rights
          ● Any action required to be taken by meeting of shareholders may be taken without meeting if consent is in writing and is signed by a majority of the shareholders entitled to vote if permitted by the articles of association. Our amended and restated articles of association provide for such consent in writing.   ● Any action required to be taken by meeting of shareholders may be taken without meeting if consent is in writing and is signed by all the shareholders entitled to vote
  ● Any person authorized to vote may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy if permitted by the articles of association. Our amended and restated articles of association permit such proxies.   ● Any person authorized to vote may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy.
          ● Quorum is as designated in the articles of association. Quorum in our amended and restated articles of association is shareholders representing not less than one-half of the votes of the shares entitled to vote on resolutions of members to be considered at the meeting.   ● For stock corporations, certificate of incorporation or by-laws may specify the number to constitute a quorum but in no event shall a quorum consist of less than one-third of shares entitled to vote at a meeting. In the absence of such specifications, a majority of shares entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum.
    105  
        ● The memorandum and articles of association may provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide for cumulative voting.   ● The certificate of incorporation may provide for cumulative voting.
          ● Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any shares, at any general meeting on a show of hands every shareholder who is present in person (or, in the case of a shareholder being a corporation, by its duly authorized representative) or by proxy shall have one vote and on a poll every shareholder present in person (or, in the case of a shareholder being a corporation, by its duly appointed representative) or by proxy shall have one vote for each share which such shareholder is the holder. Voting at any meeting of the shareholders is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded. A poll may be demanded by shareholders present in person or by proxy if the shareholder disputes the outcome of the vote on a proposed resolution and the chairman shall cause a poll to be taken.      
          ● Changes in the rights of shareholders as set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require approval of at least 50% of the shareholders.      
          Directors
          ● Board must consist of at least one director. Our articles of association provide that there shall be no less than two directors.   ● Board must consist of at least one member.
          ● Maximum number of directors can be changed by an amendment to the articles of association. Our amended and restated articles of association do not provide for a maximum number.   ● Number of board members shall be fixed by the by-laws, unless the certificate of incorporation fixes the number of directors, in which case a change in the number shall be made only by amendment of the certificate.
          ● If the board is authorized to change the number of directors actually appointed, provided that the number still falls within the maximum and the minimum number of directors as set out in the articles of association, it can do so provided that it complies with the procedure set out in the articles of association. Our amended and restated articles of association permit our board to appoint additional directors.      
  Fiduciary Duties
            ● In summary, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:   ● Directors and officers must act in good faith, with the care of a prudent person, and in the best interest of the corporation as a whole.
              ○ Duty to act honestly and in good faith in what the directors believe to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;   ● Directors and officers must refrain from self-dealing, usurping corporate opportunities and receiving improper personal benefits.
              ○ Duty to exercise powers for a proper purpose for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose and directors shall not act, or agree to act, in a matter that contravenes the Companies Act or the memorandum and articles of association;   ● Decisions made by directors and officers on an informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action was taken in the best interest of the corporation will be protected by the “business judgment rule.”
              ○ Duty to exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director would exercise in the circumstances taking into account, without limitation:      
    106  
            (a) the nature of the company;
(b) the nature of the decision; and
(c) the position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him.
                      ○ Directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;        
                ○ Duty to exercise powers fairly as between different groups of shareholders;        
                ○ Duty not to put himself in a position of conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and        
                ○ Duty to exercise independent judgment.        
              ● The Companies Act provides that, a director of a company shall, immediately after becoming aware of the fact that he is interested in a transaction entered into, or to be entered into, by the company, disclose the interest to the board of the company. However, the failure of a director to disclose that interest does not affect the validity of a transaction entered into by the director or the company, so long as the transaction was not required to be disclosed because the transaction is between the company and the director himself and is in the ordinary course of business and on usual terms and conditions. Additionally, the failure of a director to disclose an interest does not affect the validity of the transaction entered into by the company if (a) the material facts of the interest of the director in the transaction are known by the shareholders and the transaction is approved or ratified by a resolution of shareholders entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders or (b) the company received fair value for the transaction.        
            ●
Pursuant to the Companies Act and the company’s memorandum and articles of association, so long as a director has disclosed any interests in a transaction entered into or to be entered into by the company to the board he/she may:
  (a) vote on a matter relating to the transaction;
  (b) attend a meeting of directors at which a matter relating to the transaction arises and be included among the directors present at the meeting for the purposes of a quorum; and
  (c) sign a document on behalf of the company, or do any other thing in his capacity as a director, that relates to the transaction.
                      ● As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of his position. However, in some instances a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.        
    107  
        Shareholders’ Derivative Actions
  ● Generally speaking, the company is the proper plaintiff in any action. A shareholder may, with the permission of the British Virgin Islands Court, bring an action or intervene in a matter in the name of the company, in certain circumstances. Such actions are known as derivative actions. The British Virgin Islands Court may only grant permission to bring a derivative action where the following circumstances apply:   ● In any derivative suit instituted by a shareholder of a corporation, it shall be averred in the complaint that the plaintiff was a shareholder of the corporation at the time of the transaction of which he complains or that such shareholder’s stock thereafter devolved upon such shareholder by operation of law.
            ○ the company does not intend to bring, diligently continue or defend or discontinue the proceedings; and   ● Complaint shall set forth with particularity the efforts of the plaintiff to obtain the action by the board or the reasons for not making such effort.
              ○ it is in the interests of the company that the conduct of the proceedings not be left to the directors or to the determination of the shareholders as a whole.   ● Such action shall not be dismissed or compromised without the approval of the Chancery Court.
            ● When considering whether to grant leave, the British Virgin Islands Court is also required to have regard to the following matters:      
              (a) whether the shareholder is acting in good faith;
  (b) whether a derivative action is in the interests of the company, taking into account the directors’ views on commercial matters;
  (c) whether the action is likely to succeed;
  (d) the costs of the proceedings in relation to the relief likely to be obtained; and
  (e) whether another alternative remedy to the derivative action is available.
  ● Shareholders of a Delaware corporation that redeemed their shares, or whose shares were cancelled in connection with dissolution, would not be able to bring a derivative action against the corporation after the shares have been redeemed or cancelled.
  Material Differences in British Virgin Islands and Delaware Law
  Certain Differences in Corporate Law
  Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the provisions of applicable British Virgin Islands law, including the Companies Act. The Companies Act differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders.
  Mergers and Similar Arrangements. The Companies Act provides for mergers as that expression is understood under United States corporate law. Under the Companies Act, two or more companies may either merge into one of such existing companies (the “surviving company”) or consolidate with both existing companies ceasing to exist and forming a new company (the “consolidated company”). The procedure for a merger or consolidation between the company and another company (which need not be a British Virgin Islands company, and which may be the company’s parent or subsidiary, but need not be) is set out in the Companies Act. The directors of the British Virgin Islands company or British Virgin Islands companies which are to merge or consolidate must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation which, with the exception of a merger between a parent company and its subsidiary, must also be approved by a resolution of a majority of the shareholders who are entitled to vote and actually vote at a quorate meeting of shareholders or by written resolution of the shareholders of the British Virgin Islands company or British Virgin Islands companies which are to merge. A foreign company which is able under the laws of its foreign jurisdiction to participate in the merger or consolidation is required by the Companies Act to comply with the laws of that foreign jurisdiction in relation to the merger or consolidation. The company must then execute articles of merger or consolidation, containing certain prescribed details. The plan and articles of merger or consolidation are then filed with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands. The Registrar then registers the articles of merger or consolidation and any amendment to the memorandum and articles of the surviving company in a merger or the memorandum and articles of association of the new consolidated company in a consolidation and issue a certificate of merger or consolidation (which is conclusive evidence of compliance with all requirements of the Companies Act in respect of the merger or consolidation). The merger is effective on the date that the articles of merger are registered with the Registrar or on such subsequent date, not exceeding thirty days, as is stated in the articles of merger or consolidation.
    108  
        As soon as a merger becomes effective: (a) the surviving company or consolidated company (so far as is consistent with its memorandum and articles of association, as amended or established by the articles of merger or consolidation) has all rights, privileges, immunities, powers, objects and purposes of each of the constituent companies; (b) in the case of a merger, the memorandum and articles of association of any surviving company are automatically amended to the extent, if any, that changes to its amended memorandum and articles of association are contained in the articles of merger or, in the case of a consolidation, the memorandum and articles of association filed with the articles of consolidation are the memorandum and articles of the consolidated company; (c) assets of every description, including choses-in-action and the business of each of the constituent companies, immediately vest in the surviving company or consolidated company; (d) the surviving company or consolidated company is liable for all claims, debts, liabilities and obligations of each of the constituent companies; (e) no conviction, judgment, ruling, order, claim, debt, liability or obligation due or to become due, and no cause existing, against a constituent company or against any member, director, officer or agent thereof, is released or impaired by the merger or consolidation; and (f) no proceedings, whether civil or criminal, pending at the time of a merger by or against a constituent company, or against any member, director, officer or agent thereof, are abated or discontinued by the merger or consolidation; but: (i) the proceedings may be enforced, prosecuted, settled or compromised by or against the surviving company or consolidated company or against the member, director, officer or agent thereof; as the case may be; or (ii) the surviving company or consolidated company may be substituted in the proceedings for a constituent company. The Registrar shall strike off the register of companies each constituent company that is not the surviving company in the case of a merger and all constituent companies in the case of a consolidation.
  If the directors determine it to be in the best interests of the company, it is also possible for a merger to be approved as a Court approved plan of arrangement or scheme of arrangement in accordance with the Companies Act. However, we do not anticipate the use of such statutory provisions because we expect the required terms of the initial business combination will be capable of being achieved through other means, such as a merger or consolidation (as described above), a share exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating business.
  Poison Pill Defenses. Under the Companies Act there are no provisions, which specifically prevent the issuance of preferred shares or any such other ‘poison pill’ measures. The amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company also do not contain any express prohibitions on the issuance of any preferred shares. Therefore, the directors without the approval of the holders of ordinary shares may issue preferred shares (if such shares have been created and authorized for issue by the Company) that have characteristics that may be deemed to be anti-takeover. Additionally, such a designation of shares may be used in connection with plans that are poison pill plans. However, as noted above under the Companies Act, a director in the exercise of his powers and performance of his duties is required to act honestly and in good faith in what the director believes to be the best interests of the Company.
    109  
        Directors. Our directors are appointed by our shareholders. However, the directors may by resolution appoint a replacement director to fill a casual vacancy arising on the resignation, disqualification or death of a director. The replacement director will then hold office until the next annual general meeting at which the director he replaces would have been subject to retirement by rotation. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a director may not be removed from office by a resolution of our shareholders prior to the consummation of our business combination. There is nothing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, which specifically prohibits or restricts the creation of cumulative voting rights for the election of our directors. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide for cumulative voting for such elections.
  There are no share ownership qualifications for directors. Meetings of our board of directors may be convened at any time by any of our directors.
  A meeting of our board of directors will be quorate if at least a majority of the directors are present. At any meeting of our directors, each director, by his or her presence, is entitled to one vote. Questions arising at a meeting of our board of directors are required to be decided by simple majority votes of the directors present or represented at the meeting. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or deciding vote. Our board of directors also may pass resolutions without a meeting by unanimous written consent.
  Agents. Our board of directors has the power to appoint any person (whether or not a director or other officer of the company) to be an agent of the company except that, as stated in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the Companies Act, no agent shall be given any power or authority to amend the memorandum or the articles of association in place of the directors or members; to designate committees of directors; to delegate powers to a committee of directors; to appoint directors; to appoint an agent; to approve a plan of merger, consolidation or arrangement; or to make a declaration of solvency or to approve a liquidation plan. The resolution of directors appointing the agent may authorize the agent to appoint one or more substitutes or delegates to exercise some or all of the powers conferred on the agent. Our directors may remove an agent and may revoke or vary a power conferred on the agent.
  Indemnification of Directors. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to certain limitations, the company shall indemnify its directors and officers against all expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to what the person believed were in the best interests of the company and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful. The decision of the directors as to whether the person acted honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company and as to whether the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful is, in the absence of fraud, sufficient for the purposes of the memorandum and articles of association, unless a question of law is involved. The termination of any proceedings by any judgment, order, settlement, conviction or the entering of a nolle prosequi does not, by itself, create a presumption that the person did not act honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company or that the person had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
  Directors and Conflicts of Interest. As noted in the table above, pursuant to the Companies Act and the company’s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a director of a company who has an interest in a transaction and who has declared such interest to the other directors, may:
    (a) vote on a matter relating to the transaction;
    110  
          (b) attend a meeting of directors at which a matter relating to the transaction arises and be included among the directors present at the meeting for the purposes of a quorum; and
    (c) sign a document on behalf of the Company, or do any other thing in his capacity as a director, that relates to the transaction.
  Shareholders’ Suits. Our British Virgin Islands counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a British Virgin Islands court. The enforcement of the company’s rights will ordinarily be a matter for its directors.
  In certain limited circumstances, a shareholder has the right to seek various remedies against the company in the event the directors are in breach of their duties under the Companies Act. Pursuant to Section 184B of the Companies Act, if a company or director of a company engages in, or proposes to engage in or has engaged in, conduct that contravenes the provisions of the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles of association of the company, the British Virgin Islands Court may, on application of a shareholder or director of the company, make an order directing the company or director to comply with, or restraining the company or director from engaging in conduct that contravenes the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles. Furthermore, pursuant to section 184I(1) of the Companies Act a shareholder of a company who considers that the affairs of the company have been, are being or likely to be, conducted in a manner that is, or any acts of the company have been, or are likely to be oppressive, unfairly discriminatory, or unfairly prejudicial to him in that capacity, may apply to the British Virgin Islands Court for an order which, inter alia, can require the company or any other person to pay compensation to the shareholders.
  The Companies Act provides for a series of remedies available to shareholders. Where a company incorporated under the Companies Act conducts some activity, which breaches the Act or the company’s memorandum and articles of association, the court can issue a restraining or compliance order. Under the Companies Act, a shareholder of a company may bring an action against the company for breach of a duty owed by the company to him as a member. A shareholder also may, with the permission of the British Virgin Islands Court, bring an action or intervene in a matter in the name of the company, in certain circumstances. Such actions are known as derivative actions. As noted above, the British Virgin Islands Court may only grant permission to bring a derivative action where the following circumstances apply:
    ● the company does not intend to bring, diligently continue or defend or discontinue proceedings; and
    ● it is in the interests of the company that the conduct of the proceedings not be left to the directors or to the determination of the shareholders as a whole.
    ● when considering whether to grant leave, the British Virgin Islands Court is also required to have regard to the following matters:
    - whether the shareholder is acting in good faith;
  - whether a derivative action is in the company’s best interests, taking into account the directors’ views on commercial matters;
  - whether the action is likely to proceed;
  - the costs of the proceedings; and
  - whether an alternative remedy is available.
  Any member of a company may apply to the British Virgin Islands Court under the Insolvency Act for the appointment of a liquidator to liquidate the company and the court may appoint a liquidator for the company if it is of the opinion that it is just and equitable to do so.
    111  
        The Companies Act provides that any shareholder of a company is entitled to payment of the fair value of his shares upon dissenting from any of the following: (a) a merger if the company is a constituent company, unless the company is the surviving company and the member continues to hold the same or similar shares; (b) a consolidation if the company is a constituent company; (c) any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or other disposition of more than 50 per cent in value of the assets or business of the company if not made in the usual or regular course of the business carried on by the company but not including: (i) a disposition pursuant to an order of the court having jurisdiction in the matter, (ii) a disposition for money on terms requiring all or substantially all net proceeds to be distributed to the members in accordance with their respective interest within one year after the date of disposition, or (iii) a transfer pursuant to the power of the directors to transfer assets for the protection thereof; (d) a compulsory redemption of 10 per cent, or fewer of the issued shares of the company required by the holders of 90 percent, or more of the shares of the company pursuant to the terms of the Act; and (e) a plan of arrangement, if permitted by the British Virgin Islands Court.
  Generally any other claims against a company by its shareholders must be based on the general laws of contract or tort applicable in the British Virgin Islands or their individual rights as shareholders as established by the company’s memorandum and articles of association. There are common law rights for the protection of shareholders that may be invoked, largely derived from English common law. Under the general English company law known as the rule in Foss v. Harbottle, a court will generally refuse to interfere with the management of a company at the insistence of a minority of its shareholders who express dissatisfaction with the conduct of the company’s affairs by the majority or the board of directors. However, every shareholder is entitled to seek to have the affairs of the company conducted properly according to law and the constituent documents of the corporation. As such, if those who control the company have persistently disregarded the requirements of company law or the provisions of the company’s memorandum and articles of association, then the courts may grant relief. Generally, the areas in which the courts will intervene are the following:
    ● a company is acting or proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;
    ● the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could only be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained;
    ● the individual rights of the plaintiff shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed; or
    ● those who control the company are perpetrating a “fraud on the minority.”
  Under the law of Delaware, the rights of minority shareholders are similar to that which will be applicable to the shareholders of the company.
  Compulsory Acquisition. Under the Companies Act, subject to any limitations in a company’s memorandum or articles, members holding 90% of the votes of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, and members holding 90% of the votes of the outstanding shares of each class of shares entitled to vote, may give a written instruction to the company directing the company to redeem the shares held by the remaining members. Upon receipt of such written instruction, the company shall redeem the shares specified in the written instruction, irrespective of whether or not the shares are by their terms redeemable. The company shall give written notice to each member whose shares are to be redeemed stating the redemption price and the manner in which the redemption is to be effected. A member whose shares are to be so redeemed is entitled to dissent from such redemption, and to be paid the fair value of his shares, as described under “Shareholders’ Suits” above.
  Share Repurchases and Redemptions. As permitted by the Companies Act and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, shares may be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired by us. Depending on the circumstances of the redemption or repurchase, our directors may need to determine that immediately following the redemption or repurchase we will be able to satisfy our debts as they fall due and the value of our assets exceeds our liabilities. Our directors may only exercise this power on our behalf, subject to the Companies Act, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and to any applicable requirements imposed from time to time by the SEC, the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other stock exchange on which our securities are listed.
    112  
        Dividends. Subject to the Companies Act and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our directors may declare dividends at a time and amount they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that, immediately after distribution of the dividend, the value of our assets will exceed our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they fall due. No dividend shall carry interest against us.
  Rights of Non-resident or Foreign Shareholders and Disclosure of Substantial Shareholdings. There are no limitations imposed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association on the rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or exercise voting rights on our shares. In addition, there are no provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the ownership threshold above which shareholder ownership must be disclosed.
  Untraceable Shareholders. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are entitled to sell any shares of a shareholder who is untraceable, as long as: (a) all checks, not being less than three in total number, for any sums payable in cash to the holder of such shares have remained uncashed for a period of 12 years; (b) we have not during that time or before the expiry of the three-month period referred to in (c) below received any indication of the existence of the shareholder or person entitled to such shares by death, bankruptcy or operation of law; and (c) upon expiration of the 12-year period, we have caused an advertisement to be published in newspapers, giving notice of our intention to sell these shares, and a period of three months or such shorter period has elapsed since the date of such advertisement. The net proceeds of any such sale shall belong to us, and when we receive these net proceeds we shall become indebted to the former shareholder for an amount equal to such net proceeds.
  Transfer of Shares. Subject to any applicable restrictions set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or contractually agreed, any of our shareholders may transfer all or any of his or her shares by an instrument of transfer in the usual or common form, in the case of listed shares, in any manner permitted by and in accordance with the rules of the relevant exchange, or in any other form which our directors may approve.
  Inspection of Books and Records. Under the Companies Act, members of the general public, on payment of a nominal fee, can obtain copies of the public records of a company available at the office of the Registrar which will include the company’s certificate of incorporation, its memorandum and articles of association (with any amendments) and records of license fees paid to date and will also disclose any articles of dissolution, articles of merger and a register of charges if the company has elected to file such a register. A member of a company is entitled, on giving written notice to the company, to inspect: (a) the memorandum and articles; (b) the register of members; (c) the register of directors; and (d) the minutes of meetings and resolutions of members and of those classes of members of which he is a member; and to make copies of or take extracts from the documents and records referred to in (a) to (d) above.
  Subject to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the directors may, if they are satisfied that it would be contrary to the company’s interests to allow a member to inspect any document, or part of a document, specified in (b), (c) or (d) above, refuse to permit the member to inspect the document or limit the inspection of the document, including limiting the making of copies or the taking of extracts from the records.
    113  
        Where a company fails or refuses to permit a member to inspect a document or permits a member to inspect a document subject to limitations, that member may apply to the British Virgin Islands Court for an order that he should be permitted to inspect the document or to inspect the document without limitation.
  Dissolution; Winding Up. As permitted by the Companies Act and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we may be voluntarily liquidated under Part XII of the Companies Act by resolution of directors and resolution of shareholders if we have no liabilities or we are able to pay our debts as they fall due.
  We also may be wound up in circumstances where we are insolvent in accordance with the terms of the Insolvency Act.
  Memorandum and Articles of Association
  As set forth in our amended and restated memorandum of association, the objects for which we are established are unrestricted and we shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the Companies Act or as the same may be revised from time to time, or any other law of the British Virgin Islands.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections to our ordinary shareholders prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of 50% of our outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting on such amendment. Our initial shareholders, who will beneficially own 22.61% of our ordinary shares upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Prior to our initial business combination, if we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote on any proposed amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We and our directors and officers have agreed not to propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance and timing of our obligation to redeem our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any insider shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to our initial business combination.
  Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that:
    ● if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable) , pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and prior to commencing any voluntary liquidation; and
    ● except in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; and
    ● we must (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose pursuant to a proxy statement meeting the requirements of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer, the documents for which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act; and
    114  
          ● although we do not intend to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA that such our initial business combination is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view; and
    ● we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
  In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.
  Anti-Money Laundering — British Virgin Islands
  In order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures, and may require subscribers to provide evidence to verify their identity. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we also may delegate the maintenance of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition of due diligence information) to a suitable person.
  We reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for verification purposes, we may refuse to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally debited.
  If any person resident in the British Virgin Islands knows or suspects that another person is engaged in money laundering or terrorist financing and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of their business the person will be required to report his belief or suspicion to the Financial Investigation Agency of the British Virgin Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Criminal Conduct Act 1997 (as amended). Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.
    115  
        SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE
  Immediately after this offering, we will have 6,486,500 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, or 7,440,500 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. Of these shares, the 5,000,000 shares sold in this offering, or 5,750,000 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. All of those shares will not be transferable except in limited circumstances described elsewhere in this prospectus.
  Rule 144
  Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of:
    ● 1% of the number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding, which will equal 64,865 shares immediately after this offering (or 74,405 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full); and
    ● the average weekly trading volume of the ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
  Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
  Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
  Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company.
  The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met:
    ● the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
    ● the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
    ● the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and
    ● at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
  As a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule 144, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their insider shares freely without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination assuming they are not an affiliate of ours at that time.
  Registration Rights
  The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units (and underlying securities) and the securities issued in payment of working capital loans (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
    116  
        TAXATION
  The following summary of the material British Virgin Islands and U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our units, ordinary shares and warrants to acquire our ordinary shares, sometimes referred to, individually or collectively, in this summary as our “securities,” is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this prospectus, all of which are subject to change. This summary does not deal with all possible tax consequences relating to an investment in our securities, such as the tax consequences under state, local and other tax laws.
  British Virgin Islands Taxation
  The Government of the British Virgin Islands does not, under existing legislation, impose any income, corporate or capital gains tax, estate duty, inheritance tax, gift tax or withholding tax upon our Company or our security holders who are not tax resident in the British Virgin Islands.
  Our company and all distributions, interest and other amounts paid by our company to persons who are not tax resident in the British Virgin Islands will not be subject to any income, withholding or capital gains taxes in the British Virgin Islands, with respect to the shares in our company owned by them and dividends received on such shares, nor will they be subject to any estate or inheritance taxes in the British Virgin Islands.
  No estate, inheritance, succession or gift tax, rate, duty, levy or other charge is payable by persons who are not tax resident in the British Virgin Islands with respect to any shares, debt obligations or other securities of our company.
  Except to the extent that we have any interest in real property in the British Virgin Islands, all instruments relating to transactions in respect of the shares, debt obligations or other securities of our company and all instruments relating to other transactions relating to the business of our company are exempt from the payment of stamp duty in the British Virgin Islands.
  There are currently no withholding taxes or exchange control regulations in the British Virgin Islands applicable to our company or our security holders.
  United States Federal Income Taxation
  General
  This section is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax provisions relating to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our securities (each consisting of one ordinary share and one redeemable warrant to purchase one-half of one ordinary share) issued pursuant to this offering by U.S. Holders (as defined below) and Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below). This section does not address any aspect of U.S. federal gift or estate tax, Medicare contribution tax laws, or the state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences of an investment in our securities, nor does it provide any actual representations as to any tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of our securities.
  Because the components of a unit are separable at the option of the holder within a short period of time after the date of this prospectus, the holder of a unit generally should be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as the owner of the underlying ordinary share and warrant components of the unit, as the case may be. As a result, the discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences with respect to actual holders of ordinary shares and warrants should also apply to holders of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying ordinary shares and warrants that comprise the units).
    117  
        The discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences to “U.S. Holders” will apply to a beneficial owner of our securities that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
    ● an individual citizen or resident of the United States as determined for United States federal income tax purposes;
    ● a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
    ● an estate whose income is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or
    ● a trust if (i) a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person.
  If a beneficial owner of our securities is not described as a U.S. Holder and is not an entity treated as a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner will be considered a “Non-U.S. Holder.” The material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition ownership and disposition of our securities applicable specifically to Non-U.S. Holders are described below under the heading “Non-U.S. Holders.”
  This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as currently in effect. These authorities are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.
  This discussion assumes that the ordinary shares and warrants will trade separately and does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder based on such holder’s individual circumstances. In particular, this discussion considers only holders that purchase units pursuant to this offering and that own and hold our securities as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code, and does not address the potential application of the alternative minimum tax. In addition, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders that are subject to special rules, including:
    ● financial institutions or financial services entities;
    ● broker-dealers;
    ● taxpayers that are subject to the mark-to-market accounting rules under Section 475 of the Code;
    ● tax-exempt entities;
    ● governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof;
    ● insurance companies;
    ● regulated investment companies;
    ● real estate investment trusts;
        ● persons liable for alternative minimum tax;
    118  
          ● expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States;
    ● persons that actually or constructively own 5 percent or more of our voting shares;
    ● persons that acquired our securities pursuant to an exercise of employee share options, in connection with employee share incentive plans or otherwise as compensation;
    ● persons that hold our securities as part of a straddle, constructive sale, hedging, conversion or other integrated transaction;
    ● persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;
    ● controlled foreign corporations; or
    ● passive foreign investment companies.
  This discussion does not address any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as gift or estate tax laws, Medicare contribution tax laws, state, local or non-U.S. tax laws or, except as discussed herein, any tax reporting obligations of a holder of our securities. Additionally, this discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships or other pass-through entities or persons who hold our securities through such entities. If a partnership (or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our securities, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. This discussion also assumes that any distributions made (or deemed made) by us on our securities shares and any consideration received (or deemed received) by a holder in consideration for the sale or other disposition of our securities will be in U.S. dollars. In addition, this discussion assumes that a holder will own a sufficient number of warrants such that upon conversion of the warrants into ordinary shares, the holder will acquire only a whole number of ordinary shares and will not forfeit any fractional securities.
  We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the IRS of an opinion of counsel as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the descriptions herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion.
  THIS DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES. IT DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY ACTUAL REPRESENTATIONS AS TO ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES AND WE HAVE NOT OBTAINED ANY OPINION OF COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO SUCH TAX CONSEQUENCES. AS A RESULT, EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN OUR SECURITIES IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTOR OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS, AS WELL AS U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS (INCLUDING ANY NON-INCOME TAX LAWS) AND ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATIES.
  Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit
  There is no authority addressing the treatment, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of securities with terms substantially the same as the units, and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. Each unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an investment unit consisting of one ordinary share, one warrant to acquire one-half of one ordinary share. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit generally must allocate the purchase price of a unit among the ordinary share and one warrant based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. The price allocated to each ordinary share and warrant generally will be the holder’s tax basis in such share or warrant, as the case may be.
    119  
        The foregoing treatment of our ordinary shares, warrants and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the IRS or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each holder is advised to consult its own tax advisor regarding the risks associated with an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit or the components thereof) and regarding an allocation of the purchase price among the components of a unit. The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units (and the components thereof) and any allocations of the purchase price of a unit as described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
  U.S. Holders
  Tax Reporting Transfers of Property
  Certain U.S. Holders may be required to file an IRS Form 926 (Return by a U.S. Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation) to report a transfer of property (including cash) to us. Substantial penalties may be imposed on a U.S. Holder that fails to comply with this reporting requirement and the period of limitations on assessment and collection of United States federal income taxes will be extended in the event of a failure to comply. Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult with its own tax advisor regarding this reporting obligation.
  Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares
  Subject to the passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income as dividends the amount of any distribution of cash or other property (other than certain distributions of the Company’s shares or rights to acquire the Company’s shares) paid on our ordinary shares to the extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Distributions in excess of such earnings and profits generally will be applied against and reduce the U.S. Holder’s basis in its ordinary shares (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such ordinary shares. Dividends paid by us will be taxable to a corporate U.S. holder at regular rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. With respect to non-corporate U.S. Holders, dividends may be subject to the lower applicable long-term capital gains tax rate (see “— Taxation on the Disposition of Securities” below) if our ordinary shares are readily tradeable on an established securities market in the United States, we are not a PFIC at the time the dividend was paid or in the previous year, and certain other requirements are met. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability of the lower rate for any cash dividends paid with respect to our ordinary shares.
  Possible Constructive Distributions
  The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events. An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. However, the U.S. Holders of the warrants would be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment increases the warrant holders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of ordinary shares that would be obtained upon exercise) as a result of a distribution of cash to the holders of our ordinary shares which is taxable to the U.S. Holders of such ordinary shares as described under “— Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares” above. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax as described under that section and treated as if the U.S. Holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest. For certain information reporting purposes, we are required to determine the date and amount of any such constructive distributions. Recently proposed Treasury regulations, which we may rely on prior to the issuance of final regulations, specify how the date and amount of constructive distributions are determined.
    120  
        Taxation on the Disposition of Securities
  Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our securities (which, in general, would include a redemption of ordinary shares, as discussed below, and our liquidation and subsequent dissolution in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time), and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between (i) sum of the amount realized of cash and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition (or, if the ordinary securities or warrants are held as part of the units at the time of disposition, the portion of the amount realized on such disposition that is allocated to the ordinary shares or warrants based on the then fair market values of the ordinary shares and warrants constituting the units) and (ii) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the securities so disposed.
  A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its securities generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s acquisition cost (that is, the portion of the purchase price of a unit allocated the holder’s ordinary shares and/or warrants, as described above under “—Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) reduced, in the case of an ordinary share, by any prior distributions treated as a return of capital.
  The regular U.S. federal income tax rate on capital gains recognized by U.S. Holders generally is the same as the regular U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary income, except that under tax law currently in effect long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax at reduced rates. Capital gain or loss will constitute long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the securities exceeds one year. It is unclear, however, whether certain redemption rights described in this prospectus may suspend the running of the applicable holding period of the ordinary shares for this purpose. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to various limitations. U.S. Holders who recognize losses with respect to a disposition of our securities should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax treatment of such losses.
  Redemption of Ordinary Shares
  Subject to the PFIC rules described below, if a U.S. Holder converts ordinary shares into the right to receive cash pursuant to a redemption transaction or sells its ordinary shares to us pursuant to a tender offer or other open market transaction, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such , redemption or sale generally will be treated as a redemption and will be subject to the following rules. If the redemption or sale qualifies as a sale of the ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code, the tax treatment of such redemption will be as described under “— Taxation on the Disposition of Securities” above. If the redemption or sale does not qualify as a sale of ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code, a U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving a distribution with the tax consequences described under “Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares” above. Whether redemption of our shares qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of our ordinary shares treated as held by such U.S. Holder (including any shares constructively owned by the U.S. Holder as a result of owning warrants) relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after such redemption or sale. The redemption of ordinary shares generally will be treated as a sale or exchange of the ordinary shares (rather than as a distribution) if the receipt of cash upon the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to a U.S. Holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of such holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to such holder. These tests are explained more fully below.
    121  
        In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. Holder must take into account not only our ordinary shares actually owned by such holder, but also our ordinary shares that are constructively owned by such holder. A U.S. Holder may constructively own, in addition to our ordinary shares owned directly, ordinary shares owned by related individuals and entities in which such holder has an interest or that have an interest in such holder, as well as any ordinary shares such holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include ordinary shares which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of warrants. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our issued and outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by a U.S. Holder immediately following the redemption of our ordinary shares must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our issued and outstanding voting and ordinary shares actually and constructively owned by such holder immediately before the redemption. Prior to our initial business combination the ordinary shares may not be treated as voting shares for this purpose and, consequently, this substantially disproportionate test may not be applicable. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. Holder’s interest if either (i) all of our ordinary shares actually and constructively owned by such U.S. Holder are redeemed or (ii) all of our ordinary shares actually owned by such U.S. Holder are redeemed and such holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives, in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of shares owned by certain family members and such holder does not constructively own any other shares. The redemption of the ordinary shares will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if such redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority shareholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of any such redemption or sale of any ordinary shares.
  If none of the foregoing tests are satisfied, then the redemption may be treated as a distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “— Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis a U.S. Holder has in the redeemed ordinary shares will be added to the adjusted tax basis in such holder’s remaining ordinary shares. If there are no remaining ordinary shares, a U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors as to the allocation of any remaining basis.
  Certain U.S. Holders who actually or constructively own five percent (or if our ordinary shares are not then publicly traded, one percent) or more of our shares (by vote or value) may be subject to special reporting requirements with respect to a redemption of ordinary shares, and such holders should consult with their own tax advisors with respect to their reporting requirements.
  Exercise or Lapse of a Warrant
  Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below and except as discussed below with respect to the cashless exercise of a warrant, a U.S. Holder generally will not recognize gain or loss upon the acquisition of an ordinary share from the exercise of two warrants for cash. An ordinary share acquired pursuant to the exercise of two warrants for cash generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. Holder’s initial investment in the warrant (that is, the portion of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the units that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”), increased by the exercise price of the warrant. It is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary share received will commence on the date of exercise of the warrant or the day following the date of exercise of the warrant; in either case the holding period will not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the warrant. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the warrant.
    122  
        The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the exercise is not a realization event (i.e., not a transaction in which gain or loss is realized) or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either tax-free situation, a U.S. Holder’s basis in the ordinary shares received would equal the holder’s basis in the warrants. If the cashless exercise were treated as not being a realization event, it is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares received would be treated as commencing on the date of exercise of the warrant or the day following the date of exercise of the warrants. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the ordinary shares received would include the holding period of the warrants. It is also possible that a cashless exercise could be treated as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a U.S. Holder could be deemed to have surrendered a number of warrants with a fair market value equal to the exercise price for the number of warrants deemed exercised. For this purpose, the number of warrants deemed exercised would be equal to the amount needed to receive on exercise the number of ordinary shares issued pursuant to the cashless exercise. In this situation, the U.S. Holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the ordinary shares received in respect of the warrants deemed surrendered to pay the exercise price and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed surrendered. Such gain or loss would be long-term or short-term depending on the U.S. Holder’s holding period in the warrants. In this case, a U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the ordinary shares received would equal the sum of the fair market value of the ordinary shares received in respect of the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed exercised. It is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares would commence on the date of exercise of the warrants or the day following the date of exercise of the warrants, in either case, the holding period will not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the warrant. There may also be alternative characterizations of any such taxable exchange that would result in similar tax consequences, except that a U.S. Holder’s gain or loss would be short-term. Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, including when a U.S. Holder’s holding period would commence with respect to an ordinary share received, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise of the warrants.
  Unearned Income Medicare Tax
  Under current tax law, U.S. Holders that are individual, estates or trusts and whose income exceeds certain thresholds generally will be subject to a 3.8% Medicare contribution tax on unearned income, including, among other things, dividends on, and gains from the sale or other disposition of, our securities, subject to certain limitations and exceptions. Under current regulations, in the absence of a special election, such unearned income generally would not include income inclusions under the qualified election fund (“QEF”) rules discussed below under “Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules,” but would include distributions of earnings and profits from a QEF. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of such tax on their ownership and disposition or our securities.
  Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules
  A foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes if at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year of such foreign corporation, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, is passive income. Alternatively, a foreign corporation will be a PFIC if at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year of the foreign corporation, ordinarily determined based on fair market value and averaged quarterly over the year, including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes, among other things, dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than certain rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of assets giving rise to passive income.
    123  
        Because we are a blank check company, with no current active business, we believe that it is likely that we will meet the PFIC asset or income test for our current taxable year. However, pursuant to a start-up exception, a corporation will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has gross income, if (1) no predecessor of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the IRS that it will not be a PFIC for either of the first two taxable years following the start-up year; and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years. The applicability of the start-up exception to us is uncertain. After the acquisition of a company or assets in a business combination, we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending on the timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as the passive income and assets of the acquired business. If the company that we acquire in a business combination is a PFIC, then we will likely not qualify for the start-up exception and will be a PFIC for our current taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the startup exception to our current taxable year, perhaps until after the end of our two taxable years following our startup year). Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any future taxable year.
  If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our securities and, in the case of our ordinary shares, the U.S. Holder did not make a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) such ordinary shares, a QEF election along with a deemed sale (or purging) election, or a “mark-to-market” election, each as described below, such holder generally will be subject to special rules for regular U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to:
    ● any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of our securities; and
    ● any “excess distribution” made to the U.S. Holder (generally, any distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of our securities during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such U.S. Holder’s holding period for our securities).
  Under these rules,
    ● the U.S. Holder’s gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for our securities;
    ● the amount allocated to the U.S. Holder’s taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the U.S. Holder’s holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income;
    ● the amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and
    ● the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed in respect of the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder.
    124  
        In general, if we are determined to be a PFIC, a U.S. Holder may avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our ordinary shares by making a timely QEF election (or a QEF election along with a purging election). Pursuant to the QEF election, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a current basis, in each case whether or not distributed, in the taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends if we are treated as a PFIC for that taxable year. A U.S. Holder may make a separate election to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any such taxes will be subject to an interest charge.
  It is not entirely clear how various aspects of the PFIC rules apply to the warrants. However, a U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with respect to its warrants. As a result, if a U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants (other than upon exercise of such warrants), any gain recognized generally will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above, if we were a PFIC at any time during the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants. If a U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired ordinary shares (or has previously made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares), the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired ordinary shares, but the adverse tax consequences relating to PFIC shares, adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions resulting from the QEF election, will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired ordinary shares (which generally will be deemed to have a holding period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants), unless the U.S. Holder makes a purging election under the PFIC rules. The purging election creates a deemed sale of such shares at their fair market value. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will have a new basis in its ordinary shares acquired upon the exercise of the warrants and will also have a new holding period in such ordinary shares for purposes of the PFIC rules.
  The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and, once made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Information Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund), including the information provided in a PFIC annual information statement, to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances.
  In order to comply with the requirements of a QEF election, a U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC annual information statement from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election, but there is no assurance that we will timely provide such required information. Additionally, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided.
  If a U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares, and the special tax and interest charge rules do not apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint pursuant to a purging election, as described above), any gain recognized on the sale of our ordinary shares generally will be taxable as capital gain and no interest charge will be imposed. As discussed above, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders of a QEF generally are currently taxed on their pro rata shares of its earnings and profits, whether or not distributed. In such case, a subsequent distribution of such earnings and profits that were previously included in income generally should not be taxable as a dividend to such U.S. Holders. The adjusted tax basis of a U.S. Holder’s shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income, and decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends, under the above rules. Similar basis adjustments apply to property if by reason of holding such property the U.S. Holder is treated under the applicable attribution rules as owning shares in a QEF.
    125  
        Although a determination as to our PFIC status will be made annually, an initial determination we are a PFIC will generally apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder who held our securities while we were a PFIC, whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. A U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, however, will not be subject to the PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed above in respect to such shares. In addition, such U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to such shares for any of our taxable years that end within or with a taxable year of the U.S. Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On the other hand, if the QEF election is not effective for each of our taxable years in which we are a PFIC and the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, the PFIC rules discussed above will continue to apply to such shares unless the holder files on a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return (including extensions) a QEF election and a purging election to recognize under the rules of Section 1291 of the Code any gain that the U.S. Holder would otherwise recognize if the U.S. Holder had sold our shares for their fair market value on the “qualification date.” The qualification date is the first day of our tax year in which we qualify as a QEF with respect to such U.S. Holder. The purging election can only be made if such U.S. Holder held our shares on the qualification date. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will increase the adjusted tax basis in our shares by the amount of the gain recognized and will also have a new holding period in the shares for purposes of the PFIC rules.
  Alternatively, if a U.S. Holder, at the close of its taxable year, owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable shares, the U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares and for which we are determined to be a PFIC, such holder generally will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its ordinary shares as long as such shares continue to be treated as marketable shares. Instead, in general, the U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income for each year that we are treated as a PFIC the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year over the adjusted basis in its ordinary shares. These amounts of ordinary income would not be eligible for the favorable tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income or long-term capital gains. The U.S. Holder also will be allowed to take an ordinary loss in respect of the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of its ordinary shares over the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its ordinary shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of the ordinary shares in a taxable year in which we are treated as a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income. Special tax rules may also apply if a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election for a taxable year after the first taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) its ordinary shares and for which we are treated as a PFIC. Currently, a mark-to-market election may not be made with respect to our warrants.
  The mark-to-market election is available only for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the NASDAQ Capital Market, or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. If made, a mark-to-market election would be effective for the taxable year for which the election was made and for all subsequent taxable years unless the ordinary shares ceased to qualify as “marketable stock” for purposes of the PFIC rules or the IRS consented to the revocation of the election. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in respect to our ordinary shares under their particular circumstances.
    126  
        If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders of our shares generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC, and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. We will endeavor to cause any lower-tier PFIC to provide to a U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information. A mark-to-market election generally would not be available with respect to such lower-tier PFIC. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs.
  A U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621 (whether or not a QEF or mark-to-market election is or has been made) with such U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax return and provide such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department. Failure to do so, if required, will extend the statute of limitations until such required information is furnished to the IRS.
  The rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF and mark-to-market elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly, U.S. Holders of our securities should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules to our securities under their particular circumstances.
  Non-U.S. Holders
  This section applies to you if you are a “Non-U.S. Holder.” As used herein, the term “Non-U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of our units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants that is for United States federal income tax purposes”
  ● a non-resident alien individual (other than certain former citizens and residents of the United States subject to U.S. tax as expatriates)
● a foreign corporation; or
● an estate or trust that is not a U.S. Holder;
  but generally does not include an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition. If you are such an individual, you should consult your tax advisor regarding the United States federal income tax consequences of the sale or other disposition of our securities.
  Dividends (including constructive dividends) paid or deemed paid to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect to our securities generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, unless the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains or maintained in the United States).
    127  
        In addition, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain attributable to a sale or other disposition of our securities unless such gain is effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains or maintained in the United States) or the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of sale or other disposition and certain other conditions are met (in which case, such gain from United States sources generally is subject to tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate).
  Dividends (including constructive distributions) and gains that are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains or maintained in the United States) generally will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax at the same regular U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to a comparable U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate.
  Backup Withholding and Information Reporting
  In general, information reporting for U.S. federal income tax purposes should apply to distributions made on our ordinary shares within the United States to a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient) and to the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our securities by a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient) to or through a U.S. office of a broker. Payments made (and sales and other dispositions effected at an office) outside the United States will be subject to information reporting in limited circumstances. In addition, certain information concerning a U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its securities and whether any gain or loss with respect to such securities in long-term or short-term may be required to be reported to the IRS, and certain holders may be required to file an IRS Form 8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets) to report their interest in our securities.
  U.S. Holders who are individuals and certain entities will be required to report information with respect to such U.S. Holder’s investment in “specified foreign financial assets” on IRS Form 8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets), subject to certain exceptions. Specified foreign financial assets generally include any financial account maintained with a non-U.S. financial institution and should also include the ordinary shares and warrants if they are not held in an account maintained with a U.S. financial institution. Persons who are required to report specified foreign financial assets and fail to do so may be subject to substantial penalties, and the period of limitations on assessment and collection of United States federal income taxes may be extended in the event of a failure to comply. Potential investors are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the foreign financial asset and other reporting obligations and their application to an investment in our ordinary shares and warrants.
  Moreover, backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax, currently at a rate of 24%, generally will apply to dividends paid on our securities to a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient) and the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our securities by a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient), in each case who:
    ● fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number;
    ● is notified by the IRS that backup withholding is required; or
    ● fails to comply with applicable certification requirements.
  A Non-U.S. Holder generally may eliminate the requirement for information reporting and backup withholding by providing certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 or by otherwise establishing an exemption.
  We will withhold all taxes required to be withheld by law from any amounts otherwise payable to any holder of our securities, including tax withholding required by the backup withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. Holder’s or a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the requisite information is timely furnished to the IRS. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of backup withholding and the availability of and procedure for obtaining an exemption from backup withholding in their particular circumstances.
    128  
        UNDERWRITING
  Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement dated the date of this prospectus, each underwriter named below has severally agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to that underwriter, the number of units set forth opposite the underwriter’s name.
  Underwriter  
Number of
Units
  Kingswood Capital Markets, a division of Benchmark Investments        
Total     5,000,000  
  The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the units included in this offering are subject to approval of legal matters by counsel and to other conditions. The underwriters are obligated to purchase all of the units (other than those covered by the over-allotment option described below) if they purchase any of the units.
  The offering of the units by the underwriters is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject to the underwriters’ right to reject any order in whole or in part.
  Units sold by the underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the initial public offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. Any units sold by the underwriters to securities dealers may be sold at a discount from the initial public offering price not to exceed $   per unit. If all of the units are not sold at the initial offering price, the underwriters may change the offering price and the other selling terms. If the underwriters sell more units than the total number set forth in the table above, we have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to 750,000 additional units at the public offering price less the underwriting discount. The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments, if any, in connection with this offering. To the extent the option is exercised, each underwriter must purchase a number of additional units approximately proportionate to that underwriter’s initial purchase commitment. Any units issued or sold under the option will be issued and sold on the same terms and conditions as the other units that are the subject of this offering.
  Our sponsor, directors and officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell insider shares, for a period of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (except with respect to permitted transferees as in the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Shareholders”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the insider shares will be released from this restriction if (1) the last reported sale price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalization, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, of (2) if we complete a transaction after our initial business combination which results in all of our stockholders have the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. The private units (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until thirty days following the completion of our initial business combination (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Shareholders”).
  Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our securities. Consequently, the initial public offering price for the units was determined by negotiations between us and the underwriters. Among the factors considered in determining initial public offering price were the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies, prior offerings of those companies, our management, our capital structure, and currently prevailing general conditions in equity securities markets, including current market valuations of publicly traded companies considered comparable to our company. We cannot assure you, however, that the price at which the units, ordinary shares or warrants will sell in the public market after this offering will not be lower than the initial public offering price or that an active trading market in our units, ordinary shares or warrants will develop and continue after this offering.
    129  
        We have applied to list our units on Nasdaq under the symbol “HHGCU.” We expect that our ordinary shares and warrants will be listed under the symbols “HHGC” and “HHGCW,” respectively, once the ordinary shares and warrants begin separate trading.
  The following table shows the underwriting discounts and commissions that we are to pay to the underwriters in connection with this offering. These amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
      Payable by us  
    No Exercise     Full Exercise  
Per Unit(1)   $ 0.33     $ 0.31  
Total(1)   $ 1,650,000     $ 1,785,000  
    (1) Includes up to $0.15 (or $0.13 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) per unit sold, or $750,000 in the aggregate, payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions that will be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described in this prospectus in more detail. Specifically, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee ranged between $500,000 and $750,000. The deferred underwriting commissions should equal to the greater of (x) $500,000 or (y) 3% (or 1.5% if such funds are introduced by our sponsor or management) of the cash remaining in the trust account plus 1% of the cash redeemed from the trust account upon the Company’s completion of the initial business combination, subject to a maximum amount of $750,000. The deferred commissions will be released to the underwriters only upon completion of an initial business combination, as described in this prospectus.
  If we do not complete our initial business combination and subsequently liquidate, the underwriters have agreed that (i) they will forfeit any rights or claims to their deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, including any accrued interest thereon, then in the trust account upon liquidation, and (ii) that the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions will be distributed on a pro rata basis, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account, and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, to the public stockholders.
  We have agreed to pay or reimburse the underwriters for travel, lodging and other “road show” expenses, expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel and certain diligence and other fees, including the preparation, binding and delivery of bound volumes in form and style reasonably satisfactory to Kingswood, transaction Lucite cubes or similar commemorative items in a style as reasonably requested by Kingswood, and reimbursement for background checks on our directors, director nominees and executive officers, which such fees and expenses are capped at an aggregate of $100,000. We have paid Kingswood an advance of $25,000 which will be applied against this cap.
  No discounts or commissions will be paid on the sale of the private units.
  Representative Shares
  We have agreed to issue to Kingswood and/or its designees, 20,000 ordinary shares (23,000 shares if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) upon the consummation of this offering. Kingswood has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such ordinary shares until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, Kingswood has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such ordinary shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such ordinary shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
    130  
        The ordinary shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA’s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of this offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates or as otherwise permitted under Rule 5110(g)(2).
  Regulatory Restrictions on Purchase of Securities
  In connection with the offering, the underwriters may purchase and sell units in the open market. The underwriters have advised us that, in accordance with Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, they may engage in short sale transactions, purchases to cover short positions, which may include purchases pursuant to the over-allotment option, stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions or the imposition of penalty bids in connection with this offering. These activities may have the effect of stabilizing or maintaining the market price of our units at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market.
    ● Short sales involve secondary market sales by the underwriters of a greater number of units than it is required to purchase in the offering.
  ● “Covered” short sales are sales of units in an amount up to the number of units represented by the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
  ● “Naked” short sales are sales of units in an amount in excess of the number of units represented by the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
  ● Covering transactions involve purchases of units either pursuant to the over-allotment option or in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions.
  ● To close a naked short position, the underwriters must purchase units in the open market after the distribution has been completed. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in the offering.
  ● To close a covered short position, the underwriters must purchase units in the open market after the distribution has been completed or must exercise the over-allotment option. In determining the source of units to close the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the over-allotment option.
  ● Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase units so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum.
  Purchases to cover short positions and stabilizing purchases, as well as other purchases by the underwriters for their own account, may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the units. They may also cause the price of the units to be higher than the price that would otherwise exist in the open market in the absence of these transactions. The underwriters may conduct these transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. Neither we, nor any of the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our ordinary shares. The underwriters are not obligated to engage in these activities and, if commenced, any of the activities may be discontinued at any time.
  We estimate that our portion of the total expenses of this offering payable by us will be $420,000, excluding underwriting discounts and commissions.
  We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make because of any of those liabilities.
  We are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, any of the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering and we may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of an initial business combination.
    131  
        Electronic Distribution
  A prospectus in electronic format may be made available by e-mail or on the web sites or through online services maintained by one or more of the underwriters or their affiliates. In those cases, prospective investors may view offering terms online and may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific number of common shares for sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online distributions will be made by the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on the underwriters’ web sites and any information contained in any other web site maintained by any of the underwriters is not part of this prospectus, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or the underwriters and should not be relied upon by investors.
  Other Activities and Relationships
  The underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging. financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the underwriters and their respective affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various financial advisory and investment banking services for us, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses.
  In addition, in the ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers and may at any time hold long and short positions in such securities and instruments. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
  Selling Restrictions
  Other than in the United States, no action has been taken by us or the underwriters that would permit a public offering of the securities offered by this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. The securities offered by this prospectus may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, nor may this prospectus or any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the offer and sale of any such securities be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of that jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this prospectus comes are advised to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions relating to the offering and the distribution of this prospectus. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities offered by this prospectus in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or a solicitation is unlawful.
    132  
        Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area
  In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area the Prospectus Regulation lays down requirements for the drawing up, approval and distribution of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within a member state. An offer of units described in this prospectus may not be made to the public in that member state prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units that has been approved by the competent authority in that relevant member state or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant member state and notified to the competent authority in that relevant member state, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that, an offer of our units may be made to the public in that relevant member state at any time:
    ● to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
  ● to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), as permitted under the Prospectus Regulation, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or
  ● in any other circumstances that do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.
  provided that no such offer of units referred to in the bullet points above shall require us or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
  Each purchaser of units described in this prospectus located within a relevant member state will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that it is a “qualified investor” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.
  For the purpose of this provision, the expression an “offer of units to the public” in any member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the units and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
  We have not authorized and do not authorize the making of any offer of units through any financial intermediary on their behalf, other than offers made by the underwriters with a view to the final placement of the units as contemplated in this prospectus. Accordingly, no purchaser of the units, other than the underwriters, is authorized to make any further offer of the units on behalf of us or the underwriters.
  Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom
  This prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, persons in the United Kingdom that are qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation that are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (each such person being referred to as a “relevant person”). The units are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such units will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. This prospectus and its contents are confidential and should not be distributed, published or reproduced (in whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other persons in the United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.
  Notice to Prospective Investors in Canada
  The units may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the units must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
  Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
  Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
    133  
        LEGAL MATTERS
  Loeb & Loeb LLP is acting as United States counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act and will pass on the validity of the warrants offered in the prospectus. Legal matters as to British Virgin Islands’ law, as well as the validity of the issuance of the ordinary shares offered in this prospectus, will be passed upon for us by Ogier. Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP is acting as counsel for the underwriters in this offering.
  EXPERTS
  The financial statements of HHG Capital Corporation as of December 31, 2020 appearing in this prospectus have been audited by Friedman LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report, thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of HHG Capital Corporation to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such report given on the authority of such firm as an experts in auditing and accounting.
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
  We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1, which includes exhibits, schedules and amendments, under the Securities Act, with respect to this offering of our securities. Although this prospectus, which forms a part of the registration statement, contains all material information included in the registration statement, parts of the registration statement have been omitted as permitted by rules and regulations of the SEC. We refer you to the registration statement and its exhibits for further information about us, our securities and this offering. The registration statement and its exhibits, as well as our other reports filed with the SEC, can be inspected and copied at the SEC’s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information about the operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov which contains the Form S-1 and other reports, proxy and information statements and information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
    134  
        HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Balance Sheets   F-3
Statements of Operations   F-4
Statement of Changes in Shareholder’s Equity   F-5
Statements of Cash Flows   F-6
Notes to Financial Statements   F-7
    F-1  
        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
  To the Board of Directors and
Shareholders of HHG Capital Corporation
  Opinion on the Financial Statements
  We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of HHG Capital Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2020, and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flow for the period July 15, 2020 (date of inception) to December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from July 15, 2020 (date of inception) through December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
  Explanatory Paragraph – Going Concern
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company’s business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing and its cash and working capital as of December 31, 2020 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  Basis for Opinion
  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
  Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
  /s/ Friedman LLP
  We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020.
  New York, New York
  February 9, 2021
    F-2  
        HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
BALANCE SHEET
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
      December 31, 2020  
ASSETS        
Cash   $ 25,048  
Deferred offering costs     30,000  
          TOTAL ASSETS   $ 55,048  
          LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY        
Current liabilities:        
Amount due to related parties     48,302  
          Total Current Liabilities     48,302  
          TOTAL LIABILITIES     48,302  
          Commitments and contingencies        
          Shareholders’ equity:        
Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 1,250,000 shares issued and outstanding     125  
Additional paid-in capital     24,875  
Accumulated deficit     (18,254 )
          Total Shareholders’ Equity     6,746  
          TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY   $ 55,048  
  See accompanying notes to financial statements.
    F-3  
        HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
      Period from
July 15, 2020
(inception) through
December 31, 2020  
        Formation and operating costs   $ (18,254 )
          NET LOSS   $ (18,254 )
          Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding     372,485  
          Basic and diluted net loss per share   $ (0.05 )
  See accompanying notes to financial statements.
    F-4  
        HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
      Ordinary shares     Additional
paid-in     Accumulated     Total
shareholders’  
    No. of shares     Amount     capital     deficit     equity  
                                Balance as of July 15, 2020 (inception)     10,000     $ 1     $ -     $ -     $ 1  
                                          Issuance of ordinary shares to founders     1,240,000       124       24,875       -       24,999  
                                          Net loss for the period     -       -       -       (18,254 )     (18,254 )
                                          Balance as of December 31, 2020     1,250,000     $ 125     $ 24,875     $ (18,254 )   $ 6,746  
  See accompanying notes to financial statements.
    F-5  
        HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”))
      Period from
July 15, 2020
(inception) through
December 31, 2020  
Cash flows from operating activities:        
Net loss   $ (18,254 )
          Net cash used in operating activities     (18,254 )
          Cash flows from financing activities:        
Proceed from issuance of ordinary shares     25,000  
Proceed from a related party     48,302  
Payment of deferred offering costs     (30,000 )
Net cash provided by financing activities     43,303  
          NET CHANGE IN CASH     25,048  
          CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD     -  
          CASH, END OF PERIOD   $ 25,048  
  See accompanying notes to financial statements.
    F-6  
        HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Currency expressed in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)
  NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND
  HHG Capital Corporation (the “Company” or “we”, “us” and “our”) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated on July 15, 2020, under the laws of the British Virgin Islands for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (“Business Combination”). Currently, the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination.
  As of December 31, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed public offering as described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.
  The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed public offering of 5,000,000 units (“Units”) (or 5,750,000 Units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at $10.00 per Unit, which is discussed in Note 3 (the “Proposed Public Offering”), and the sale of 216,500 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement to HHG Capital Fund SP (the “Sponsor”) (or 230,000 Units if the overallotment is exercised in full) to the Sponsor (the “Private Units”). The Company intends to list the Units on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“NASDAQ”). The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and interest released to pay taxes payable) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that at least $10.00 per Unit, or $50,000,000 in the aggregate (or $57,500,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the Private Units will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company’s shareholders, as described below.
  The Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. The ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.”
    F-7  
        The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
  The Company’s initial shareholders (the “initial shareholders”) have agreed (a) to vote their founder shares, the ordinary shares included in the Private Units (the “Private Shares”) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would stop the public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) unless the Company provides dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with any such vote; (c) not to convert any founder shares and Private Units (including underlying securities) (as well as any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to shareholders’ rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the founder shares and Private Units (including underlying securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the initial shareholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. The Company will have until 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering to complete its Business Combination (the “Combination Period”).
  If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable), which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company’s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than $10.00.
  The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
    F-8  
        Going concern consideration
  At December 31, 2020, the Company had cash of $25,048 and working capital of $6,746. During the period from July 15, 2020 (date of inception) to December 31, 2020, the Company incurred net loss of $18,254 and had negative cash generated from operating activities of $18,254. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The management’s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the Proposed Public Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a business combination will be successful. The Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the Proposed Public Offering (the “Promissory Note”).The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  NOTE 2 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  ● Basis of presentation
  These accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
  ● Emerging growth company
  The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
  Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
  ● Use of estimates
  In preparing these financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported expenses during the reporting period.
  Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, Actual results may differ from these estimates.
    F-9  
        ● Cash
  The Company’s cash consists of deposit with financial institution. The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020.
  ● Deferred offering costs
  Deferred offering costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Public Offering and that will be charged to shareholders’ equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering. Should the Proposed Public Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses incurred, will be charged to operations.
  ● Income taxes
  Income taxes are determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
  ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. The Company’s management determined that the British Virgin Islands is the Company’s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
  The Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with foreign tax laws.
  The Company’s tax provision is zero for the period from July 15, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020.
  The Company is considered to be an exempted British Virgin Islands Company, and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the British Virgin Islands or the United States.
  ● Net loss per share
  Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. At December 31, 2020, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented.
  ● Related parties
  Parties, which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Companies are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence.
    F-10  
        ● Concentration of credit risk
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.
  ● Fair value of financial instrument
  The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature.
  ● Recent accounting pronouncements
  Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.
  NOTE 3 – PROPOSED PUBLIC OFFERING
  The Proposed Public Offering calls for the Company to offer for sale up to 5,000,000 ordinary Units at a proposed offering price of $10.00 per Unit (plus up to an additional 750,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any). Each Unit will consist of one ordinary share, and one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share. The Public Warrant may only be exercised for a whole number of shares.
  NOTE 4 – PRIVATE PLACEMENT
  The Sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 216,500 private units (or 230,000 Private Units if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full) at $10.00 per Private Unit (for a total purchase price of $2,165,000 or $2,300,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full), in each case, in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering). Each Private Unit consists of one Private Share and one redeemable warrant (each, a “Private Warrant”). Each Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. The Private Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, meaning that the Private Warrants must be exercised in multiples of two. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be added to the net proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Warrants will expire worthless.
  NOTE 5 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  Founder Shares
  In July 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 10,000 insider shares to its initial subscriber of the Company for an aggregate purchase price of $1. In November 2020, the initial subscriber transferred the insider shares that it holds to the Sponsor and the Company further issued 1,240,000 insider shares to its initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase price of $24,999.
    F-11  
        Advances from a Related Party
  As of December 31, 2020, the Company had a temporary advance of $48,302 from a related party for the payment of costs related to the Proposed Public Offering. The balance is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment.
  Administrative Services Agreement
  The Company is obligated, commencing from January 1, 2021, to pay SAMCL a monthly fee of $10,000 for general and administrative services. This agreement will terminate upon completion of the Company’s Business Combination or the liquidation of the trust account to public shareholders.
  NOTE 6 – SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
  Ordinary shares
  The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 ordinary shares at par value $0.0001. Holders of the Company’s ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2020, 1,250,000 Ordinary Shares were issued and outstanding.
  Warrants
  The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of this Proposed Public Offering. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
  The Company may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
  ● at any time while the Public Warrants are exercisable,
  ● upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder,
  ● if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.5 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and
  ● if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
  The Private Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
    F-12  
        If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.
  NOTE 7 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
  Risks and Uncertainties
  Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  Registration Rights
  The holders of the founder shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the Private Units (and all underlying securities) and any securities our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this Proposed Public Offering. The holders of the majority of the founder shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units (and underlying securities) and securities issued in payment of working capital loans (or underlying securities) or loans to extend our life can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
  Underwriter Agreement
  The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 750,000 Units (over and above 5,000,000 units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments at the Proposed Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
  The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 1.8% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $900,000 (or up to $1,035,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full). In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee ranged between $500,000 and $750,000. The deferred fee should equal to the greater of 1) $500,000; and 2) 3% (or 1.5% if such funds are introduced by the Sponsor or management of the Company) of the cash remaining in the Trust Fund plus 1% of the cash redeemed from the Trust Fund upon the Company’s completion of the Business Combination, subject to a maximum amount of $750,000. The deferred fee can be paid in cash.
  Representative Shares
  The Company has agreed to issue to Kingswood and/or its designees, 20,000 ordinary shares (23,000 shares if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) upon the consummation of this offering. Kingswood has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such ordinary shares until the completion of the initial business combination. In addition, Kingswood has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such ordinary shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such ordinary shares if the Company fails to complete its initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
    F-13  
        The ordinary shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA’s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of this offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates or as otherwise permitted under Rule 5110(g)(2).
  NOTE 8 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
  In February 2021, the Company issued additional 187,500 ordinary shares to the Sponsor that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters.
  The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to Febuary 9, 2021 the date that the financial statements were available to be issued. Other than as described in these financial statements, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.
    F-14  
        Until ____, 2021, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
  No dealer, salesperson or any other person is authorized to give any information or make any representations in connection with this offering other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, the information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security other than the securities offered by this prospectus, or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful.
  $50,000,000
  HHG Capital Corporation
  5,000,000 Units
  PROSPECTUS
  Kingswood Capital Markets
Division of Benchmark Investments, Inc.
  Brookline Capital Markets
a division of Arcadia Securities, LLC
  ____________, 2021
                PART II
  INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
  Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
  The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows:
  Initial Trustees’ fee   $ 6,500 (1)
SEC Registration Fee     6,298  
FINRA filing fee     9,160  
Accounting fees and expenses     40,000  
NASDAQ listing fees     50,000  
Printing and engraving expenses     15,000  
Legal fees and expenses     250,000  
Miscellaneous     43,042 (2)
Total   $ 420,000  
  (1) In addition to the initial acceptance fee that is charged by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, the registrant will be required to pay to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company $21,000 for acting as trustee, as transfer agent of the registrant’s ordinary shares, as warrant agent for the registrant’s warrants, and as escrow agent.
  (2) This amount represents additional expenses that may be incurred by the Company in connection with the offering over and above those specifically listed above, including distribution and mailing costs.
  Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
  British Virgin Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the British Virgin Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect.
  Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is theretofore unenforceable.
  Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
  During the past three years, we sold the following ordinary shares without registration under the Securities Act:
    ●
In July 2020, 10,000 insider shares were issued to our initial subscriber of the Company. In November 2020, the initial subscriber transferred the insider shares that it holds to our sponsor, and the Company further issued 1,240,000 insider shares to our initial shareholders. In February 2021, the Company further allotted an aggregate of 187,500 insider shares to our sponsor, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding to our initial shareholders, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,020, or approximately $0.017 per share. in connection with the Company’s organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
    ● In addition, our sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of 216,500 private units from the Company on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, they will purchase from the Company at a price of $10.00 per private unit up to an additional 13,500 private units. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
  II-1
    No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
  Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
  (a) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement:
  Exhibit
No.   Description
1.1   Form of Underwriting Agreement.*
3.1   Memorandum and Articles of Association. *
3.2   Form of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. *
4.1   Specimen Unit Certificate. *
4.2   Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate. *
4.3   Specimen Warrant Certificate. *
4.4   Form of Warrant Agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
5.1   Opinion of Ogier. *
5.2   Opinion of Loeb & Loeb LLP. *
10.1   Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant, Underwriters and the Company’s officers, directors and shareholders. *
10.2   Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant. *
10.3   Form of Escrow Agreement between the Registrant, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Initial Shareholders. *
10.4   Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and the Initial Shareholders and Underwriters. *
10.5   Form of Subscription Agreement among the Registrant, the Initial Shareholders, Underwriters. *
14   Form of Code of Ethics. *
23.1   Consent of Friedman LLP.
23.2   Consent of Ogier (included in Exhibit 5.1). *
23.3   Consent of Loeb & Loeb LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2). *
24   Power of Attorney (included on signature page) *
99.1   Form of Audit Committee Charter. *
99.2   Form of Nominating Committee Charter. *
99.3   Form of Compensation Committee Charter. *
    *       To be filed by amendment.
  Item 17. Undertakings.
    (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:
    (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:
    i. To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933;
    ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement;
  II-2
      iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement.
    (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
    (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering.
    (4) That for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933 in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:
    i. Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;
    ii. Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant;
    iii. The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and
    iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.
    (5) That for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.
  II-3
      (b) The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
    (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
    (d) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
    (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
    (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
  II-4
    SIGNATURES
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, on the 9th day of February, 2021.
    HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION
        By: /s/ Kin (Stephen) Sze
  Name: Kin (Stephen) Sze
  Title: Chief Executive Officer
  POWER OF ATTORNEY
  KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Kin (Stephen) Sze and Ngai Wing (Stephen) Chong his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments including post-effective amendments to this registration statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his or her substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
  Name   Position   Date
          /s/ Kin (Stephen) Sze   Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) and Director   February 9, 2021
Kin (Stephen) Sze      
          /s/ Ngai Wing (Stephen) Chong   Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer)   February 9, 2021
Ngai Wing (Stephen) Chong      
          /s/ Dr. Augustine Chow   Independent Director   February 9, 2021
Dr. Augustine Chow        
          /s/ Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng   Independent Director   February 9, 2021
Dr. Hiu Man (Elliott) Cheng        
          /s/ Dr. Clive Tsang   Independent Director   February 9, 2021
Dr. Clive Tsang        
  II-5
    AUTHORIZED U.S. REPRESENTATIVE
  Pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the undersigned, the duly authorized representative in the United States of HHG Capital Corporation has signed this registration statement in the City of New York, on February 9, 2021.
    AUTHORIZED U.S. REPRESENTATIVE
        Cogency Global Inc.
      By: /s/Colleen A. De Vries
  Name:
Colleen A. De Vries
  Title: Sr. Vice President of Cogency
  II-6
 