S-1 1 tm218691d2_s1.htm FORM S-1
  As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 9, 2021
  Registration No. 333-
      UNITED STATES
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
  Washington, D.C. 20549
      FORM S-1
  REGISTRATION STATEMENT
  UNDER
  THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
      LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
      Cayman Islands   6770   N/A
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)   (Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)   (I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
      Suite A-2F, 555 Shihui Road, Songjiang District,
Shanghai, China, 201100
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
      Bill Chen
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Suite A-2F, 555 Shihui Road, Songjiang District,
Shanghai, China 201100
+86 13816100700
  (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service
      Copies to:
  Giovanni Caruso
Loeb & Loeb LLP
345 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10154
(212) 407-4000
(212) 407-4990 — Facsimile       David Alan Miller, Esq.
Jeffrey M. Gallant, Esq.
Graubard Miller
405 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10174
(212) 818-8800
(212) 818-8881 — Facsimile
      Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
  If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ¨
  If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨
  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨
  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
      Large accelerated filer   ¨   Accelerated filer   ¨
Non-accelerated filer   x   Smaller reporting company   x
        Emerging growth company   x
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ¨
            CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
  Title of Each Class of Security Being Registered   Amount
Being
Registered     Proposed
Maximum
Offering
Price per
Security(1)     Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering
Price(1)(2)     Amount of
Registration
Fee  
Units, each consisting of one ordinary share of par value $0.0001 and three-quarters of one Warrant(2)(3)     5,750,000     $ 10.00     $ 57,500,000     $ 6,273.25  
Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, included as part of the Units(3)     5,750,000       —       —       — (4)
Warrants included as part of the Units(3)     4,312,500       —       —       — (4)
Shares of common stock underlying Warrants included as part of the Units(3)     4,312,500     $ 11.50       49,593,750.00       5,410.68  
Total                   $ 107,093,750.00     $ 11,683.93  
      (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
  (2) Includes (i) Units and (ii) ordinary shares and (iii) Warrants underlying such Units which may be issued on exercise of a 45-day option granted to the Underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any.
  (3) Pursuant to Rule 416, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from share sub-divisions, share dividends or similar transactions.
  (4) No fee pursuant to Rule 457(i).
  The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
  The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
        PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS   SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED APRIL 9, 2021
  $50,000,000
Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp.
5,000,000 Units
  Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp. is a blank check company newly incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction with our company.
  This is an initial public offering of our securities. We are offering 5,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00. Each unit consists of one ordinary share and three-quarters of one warrant, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “public warrants.” Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination and will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade.
  We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 and will therefore be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements.
  Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities.
  Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
  No offer or invitation to subscribe for securities may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands.
      Price to Public     Underwriting
Discounts and
Commissions(1)(2)     Proceeds,
Before
Expenses, to us  
Per Unit   $ 10.00     $ 0.25     $ 9.75  
Total   $ 50,000,000     $ 1,250,000     $ 48,750,000  
      (1) In addition to the cash compensation set forth herein, the underwriters purchased 287,500 founder shares for nominal consideration and we have agreed to sell to the underwriters 50,000 private units (as defined below), or up to 53,750 private units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, at $10.00 per private unit in a private placement to be completed concurrently with the consummation of this offering. Except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions, the private units will be identical to the public units sold in this offering. The table does not include certain other fees and expenses payable to the underwriters in connection with this offering. Please see the section titled “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)” for further information relating to the underwriting arrangements agreed to between us and the underwriters in this offering.
    (2) We will also pay $             to             , our “qualified independent underwriter.” We have also agreed to reimburse the underwriters for all expenses and fees related to the review by FINRA, including legal fees which will not exceed $            . See the section of this prospectus entitled “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)” beginning on page 113 for a description of compensation and other items of value payable to the underwriters.
        Upon consummation of the offering, $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering (whether or not the over-allotment option has been exercised in full or part) will be deposited into a United States-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. Except as described in this prospectus, these funds will not be released to us until the earlier of (1) the completion of our initial business combination within the required time period; (2) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination in the required time period; and (3) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights as described herein or redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity.
  The underwriters are offering the units on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the units to purchasers on or about             , 2021.
  Joint Book-Running Managers
  Craig-Hallum Capital Group   Roth Capital Partners
  ___________, 2021
        (Prospectus cover continued from preceding page.)
  We have also granted Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners, the representatives of the underwriters, a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 units (over and above the 5,000,000 units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments, if any.
  We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their ordinary shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account described below, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding ordinary shares that were sold as part of the units in this offering, which we refer to as our “public shares.”
  We have 15 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the above time period, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses, pro rata to our public shareholders by way of the redemption of their shares and to cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. In such event, the warrants will expire and be worthless.
  Our sponsor, RedOne Investment Limited, the Hedge Funds (as defined herein) and the representatives and certain of their affiliates (collectively, our “initial shareholders”) have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 units (or 268,750 units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the “private units”) at a price of $10.00 per unit in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of $2,500,000 (or $2,687,500 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). Each private unit will be identical to the units sold in this offering, except as described in this prospectus. The private units will be sold in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering, including the over-allotment option, as applicable.
  There is presently no public market for our units, ordinary shares or warrants. We have applied to have our units listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “LAAAU” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading as described in this prospectus, we expect the ordinary shares and warrants will be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols “LAAA,” and “LAAAW,” respectively; provided that no fractional warrants will be issued and only whole warrants will trade. We cannot assure you that our securities will be approved for listing and, if approved, will continue to be listed on Nasdaq after this offering.
          TABLE OF CONTENTS
  SUMMARY 1
THE OFFERING 7
RISK FACTORS 19
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 47
USE OF PROCEEDS 48
DIVIDEND POLICY 51
DILUTION 52
CAPITALIZATION 54
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 55
PROPOSED BUSINESS 60
MANAGEMENT 76
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 84
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 86
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 88
CERTAIN DIFFERENCES IN CORPORATE LAW 93
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING — CAYMAN ISLANDS 98
SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 101
TAXATION 103
UNDERWRITING (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST) 113
LEGAL MATTERS 121
EXPERTS 121
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 121
        SUMMARY
  This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing. Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus, or the context otherwise requires:
  • references to “amended and restated memorandum and articles of association” are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that we will adopt prior to the consummation of this offering;
  • references to “we,” “us” or “our company” are to Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company;
  • references to the “Companies Act” are to the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time;
  • references to “founder shares” are to the 1,437,500 ordinary shares currently held by the initial shareholders (as defined below), which include up to an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part;
  • references to the “Hedge Funds” are to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, MAZ Partners LP and Myda SPAC Select, LP;
  • references to our “initial shareholders” are to our sponsor, the Hedge Funds (as defined herein), the representatives and any other holder of founder shares, including our officers and directors;
  •
references to “ordinary shares” are to our ordinary shares, par value of US$0.0001 per share;
  • references to our “management” or our “management team” are to our officers and directors;
  • references to our “private shares” are to the ordinary shares included in the private units;
  • references to our “private units” are to the units, each consisting of one ordinary share and three-quarters of one warrant, that our initial shareholders are purchasing privately from us in a private placement concurrent with this offering, as well as any units issued upon conversion of working capital loans;
  • references to our “private warrants” are to the warrants included in the private units;
  • references to our “public shares” are to ordinary shares which are being sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market) and references to “public shareholders” refer to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders to the extent our initial shareholders purchase public shares, provided that their status as “public shareholders” shall exist only with respect to such public shares;
  • references to our “public warrants” are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are subscribed for in this offering or in the open market);
  • references to the “representatives” are to Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners, the representatives of the underwriters;
  • references to our “sponsor” are to RedOne Investment Limited, a BVI company affiliated with our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and
  • references to our “warrants” are to the public warrants as well as the private warrants and any warrants included in private units issued upon conversion of working capital loans.
  All references in this prospectus to our shares being forfeited shall take effect as a surrender of shares for no consideration of such shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. All references in this prospectus to share dividends shall take effect as share capitalizations as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.
  1
    You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted.
  General
  We are a blank check company newly incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 6, 2021. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.
  We were incorporated for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.” Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction with our company.
  We will seek to capitalize on the significant contacts and experience of our management team, including Bill Chen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laura Li, our Chief Financial Officer and director, and H. David Sherman, Jinzhong Lu and Yan Zhu, each a member of our board of directors.
  We believe our management team is well positioned to identify attractive risk-adjusted returns in the marketplace and that their professional contacts and transaction sources, ranging from industry executives, private owners, private equity funds, family offices, commercial and investment bankers, lawyers and other financial sector service providers and participants, in addition to the geographical reach of their affiliates, will enable us to pursue a broad range of opportunities. Our management believes that its collective ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives has been an essential driver of past performance and will remain central to its differentiated acquisition strategy. Upon the closing of this offering, members of our management team will communicate with these networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target business and a potential business combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing promising leads.
  Deyin (Bill) Chen has been our Chief Executive Officer since January 6, 2021, and will also serve as our Chairman upon the closing of this offering. Mr. Chen has a mixed background of engineering, finance, and operation management across industries and continents. Mr. Chen has been an independent advisor for merger and acquisition and equity transactions since August 2015. Since February 2020, Mr. Chen has served as a Special Advisor for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC), a special purpose acquisition company that is in the process of completing a business combination with Nuvve Corporation. Since May 2017, Mr. Chen has served as Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai Renaissance Investment Management Co. Ltd., a licensed private equity firm in China that he founded. From March 2014 to August 2015, Mr. Chen served as Executive Vice President of Sanpower Group, a private conglomerate based in China, where he was in charge of cross-border merger and acquisition and post-merger integration. From January 2011 to January 2014, Mr. Chen served as Vice President of Strategy and Global Investment of JA Solar, a vertically integrated solar products manfacturing company based in China. From February 2005 to October 2010, Mr. Chen served as a Partner of BDO Capital Advisors and its affiliates in China with a focus on cross-border merger and acquisition and equity transactions. From June 2001 to August 2004, Mr. Chen served as a Senior Business Advisor to Capgemini, a consulting company based in Toronto Canada. From November 2000 to May 2001, Mr. Chen served as a Senior Financial Analyst in IBM Global Services in Toronto Canada. From December 1997 to November 2000, Mr. Chen served as a Staff Accountant in the General Accounting Department of Ashland Inc. Prior to his career in accounting and finance, Mr. Chen was an engineer and project manager in China from July 1987 to August 1993.
  2
    Chen (Laura) Li will serve as our Chief Financial Officer and as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Since August 2017, Ms. Li has served as CFO of Shanghai Renaissance Investment Management Co. Ltd., a licensed private equity firm in China where she has conducted numerous financial and risk assessments for equity investments in the private market. From January 2016 to January 2017, Ms. Li served as Director of Operations and Finance for Shanghai Zhaoxi Investment Management Co. Ltd., a private equity firm in China. From March 2014 to December 2015, Ms. Li served as Senior Manager of Financial Analysis at Financial Management Department of GCL Group, a leading renewable products manufacturing company, where she contributed in the implementation of restructuring and listing projects. From November 2011 to February 2014, Ms. Li served as Investment Manager in JA Solar. From November 2006 to November 2010, Ms. Li served as an analyst at the Shanghai office and then the Beijing office of NERA Economic Consulting. From September 2004 to November 2006, Ms. Li served as Finance Manager at ASE Group, a semiconductor manufacturing company. Ms. Li is a Certified Public Accountant in China, and she is also a CFA Charter holder.
  H. David Sherman, MBA, DBA, CPA will serve as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Since 1985, Dr. Sherman has been a professor at Northeastern University, specializing in, among other areas, financial and management accounting, global financial statement analysis and contemporary accounting issues. Since January 2014, Professor Sherman has served as Trustee and Chair of the Finance Committee for the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, the oldest English language acting school in the world. Since July 2010, he has also served as a Board member and Treasurer for D-Tree International, a non-profit organization that develops and supports electronic clinical protocols to enable health care workers worldwide to deliver high quality care. Since September 2019, Dr. Sherman has served as an independent board member for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC). Dr. Sherman previously served on the board and as audit committee chair for Dunxin Financial Holdings Ltd. (AMEX:DXF), a financial service company, Kingold Jewelry Inc. (NASDAQ: KGJI), a designer and manufacturer of gold jewelry-related products, China HGS Real Estate Inc. (NASDAQ: HGSH), a real estate company, Agfeed Corporation, a manufacturing company of agricultural products, and China Growth Alliance, Ltd., a business acquisition company formed to acquire an operating business in China. Dr. Sherman was previously on the faculty of the Sloan School of Management at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and also, among other academic appointments, held an adjunct professorship at Tufts Medical School and was a visiting professor at Harvard Business School (2015). From 2004 to 2005, Dr. Sherman was an Academic Fellow at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in the Division of Corporate Finance’s Office of Chief Accountant. Dr. Sherman is a Certified Public Accountant and previously practiced with Coopers & Lybrand. Dr. Sherman’s research has been published in management and academic journals including Harvard Business Review, Sloan Management Review, Accounting Review and European Journal of Operations Research.
  Jinzhong Lu will serve as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Mr. Lu has extensive experience working with listed companies, including auditing, internal control, risk management and budget management. Since August 2019, Mr. Lu has served as an independent board member and chair of the audit committee for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC). Since October 2016, Mr. Lu has served as certified public accountant at Dahua Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd. From June 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Lu was a Partner of Zhongxinghua Accounting Firm. From October 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Lu served as Marketing Director of Shanghai branch of Daxin Accounting Firm. From July 2012 to September 2013, Mr. Lu served as Partner of Shanghai De’an Accounting Firm. From September 1997 to June 2012, Mr. Lu served as a Partner in the Audit Department of Pricewaterhousecoopers Zhongtian Accounting Firm. From September 1986 to August 1997, Mr. Lu served as a Lecturer and Associate Professor in the Finance and Accounting Department of Shanghai Maritime University. From December 1982 to August 1986, Mr. Lu worked as an accountant in the financial department of Shanghai Daily Hardware Industry Company. From August 2016 to October 2017, Mr. Lu was an external expert of Asset Securitization Research Group of the Development Research Center of the State Council of PRC. From October 2014 to May 2015, he was a member of the expert group of the Evaluation and Assessment of Economic Indicators of State-owned Enterprises at the Ministry of Finance in the People’s Republic of China. Mr. Lu is a Certified Public Account in China.
  3
    Yan Zhu, Ph.D will serve as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Dr. Zhu has extensive expertise in both biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries in drug discovery and development. He has broad experience relating to drug discovery in various therapeutic areas, diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular, infectious disease and cancer. He also has extensive experience in drug development with management of number of preclinical and clinical development candidates. Since December 2013, Dr. Zhu has served as Vice President of Operation, Chemistry Service, and Head of Business Development in Japan for WuxiAppTec Co. Ltd, a CRO company. From March 2011 to November 2013, Dr. Zhu served as Director of Medicinal Chemistry Research Laboratories, Pharmaceutical Research Division of Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd in Japan. From August 2008 to March 2011, Dr. Zhu served as Associate Director of Chemistry in Eli Lilly & Company. From August 2007 to August 2008, Dr. Zhu served as Associate Director of Chemistry in Poniard Pharmaceuticals in San Francisco. From February 2001 to August 2007, Dr. Zhu served as Project Leader and Senior Scientist in Metabolex Inc. in Hayward California. From November 1998 to February 2001, Dr. Zhu served as a Research Scientist of Medicinal Chemistry at Theravance Inc., a biopharma company based in San Francisco. From June 1997 to November 1998, Dr. Zhu served as a Research Scientist in the Department of Bioorganic Chemistry in Genentech Inc., a biotechnology company based in San Francisco. Dr. Zhu is a member of American Chemical Society, Division of Organic Chemistry and Medicine Chemistry. Dr. Zhu is also a member of American Diabetes Association.
  The past performance of our management team or of their affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team’s or their affiliates’ performance as indicative of our future performance.
  Initial Business Combination
  We will have until 15 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the time period described above, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the warrants will be worthless.
  Nasdaq rules provide that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. If our securities are not listed on Nasdaq after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on Nasdaq at the time of our initial business combination.
  We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the “Investment Company Act”. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
  4
    We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company (or shareholders) from a financial point of view.
  Members of our management team and our independent directors and their affiliates will directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and private units following this offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Additionally, each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity, including other blank check companies similar to our company, pursuant to which such officer or director may be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Specifically, our executive officers are affiliated with our sponsor and other entities that make, or are looking to make, investments in companies. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive officers will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. For additional information regarding our executive officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and potential conflicts of interest, see “Management — Directors and Executive Officers” and “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, subject to fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
  Private Placements
  Prior to this offering, we issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares (up to 187,500 of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised) to our initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. Subject to certain limited exceptions, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
  Our initial shareholders have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 units (or 268,750 units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $2,500,000 (or 2,687,500 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Subject to certain limited exceptions, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units and underlying ordinary shares until after the completion of our initial business combination.
  5
    Corporate Information
  We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
  We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three year period or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion, or the market value of our shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year.
  Our executive offices are located at Suite A-2F, 555 Shihui Road, Songjiang District, Shanghai, China 201100, and our telephone number is +86-13816100700.
  6
    The Offering
  In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of this prospectus.
  Securities offered   5,000,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one ordinary share and three-quarters of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus.
Listing of our securities and proposed symbols  
We anticipate the units, and the ordinary shares and warrants once they begin separate trading, will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “LAAAU,” “LAAA,” and “LAAAW,” respectively.
  Each of the ordinary shares and warrants may trade separately on the 52nd day after the date of this prospectus unless Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners determine that an earlier date is acceptable; provided that no fractional warrants will be issued and only whole warrants will trade. In no event will Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners allow separate trading of the ordinary shares and warrants until we file an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering and the sale of the public units.
  Once the ordinary shares and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into ordinary shares and warrants.
  We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, including an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place two business days from the date the units commence trading. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. We will also include in the Current Report, or amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Current Report on Form 8-K, information indicating if Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners have allowed separate trading of the ordinary shares and warrants prior to the 52nd day after the date of this prospectus.
Ordinary shares:    
Number of issued and outstanding before this offering   1,437,500 shares (includes up to an aggregate of 187,500 founder shares that are subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders if the over-allotment option is not fully exercised by the underwriters)
  7
    Number to be issued and outstanding after this offering and sale of private units   6,500,000 shares (assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 founder shares have been forfeited by our initial shareholders as a result thereof)
Warrants:    
Number outstanding before this offering   0 warrants
Number to be outstanding after this offering and sale of private units   3,937,500 warrants (assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised)
Exercisability   Each whole warrant is exercisable for one ordinary share. We will not issue fractional warrants. Any fractional warrants will be canceled for no consideration, so you must separate your units in multiples of four to not have any fractional warrants canceled.
Exercise price   $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. No public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the issuance of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. It is our current intention to have an effective and current registration statement covering the issuance of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares in effect promptly following consummation of an initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the issuance of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of our initial business combination, public warrant holders may, until such time as there is such an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain such an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. For example, if a holder held 150 warrants and the fair market value on the trading date prior to exercise was $15.00, that holder would receive 35 shares without the payment of any additional cash consideration. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis.
    In addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders’ shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below under “Redemption of warrants” will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
  8
    Exercise period   The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption.
Redemption  
We may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant:
  •    at any time while the warrants are exercisable,
  •    upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption,
  •    if, and only if, the last sales price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption, and
  •    if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
    If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the ordinary shares may fall below the $18.00 trigger price (as adjusted) as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price (as adjusted) after the redemption notice is issued.
The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.
If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. For example, if a holder held 150 warrants to purchase 150 shares and the fair market value on the trading date prior to exercise was $15.00, that holder would receive 35 shares without the payment of any additional cash consideration. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis” will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances.
  9
    Offering proceeds to be held in the trust account  
$50,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units (or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering in either case, will be placed in a trust account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee pursuant to an agreement to be signed on the date of this prospectus.
The proceeds to be placed in the trust account include $2,500,000 (or up to $2,687,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) we will receive from the sale of the private units. The remaining estimated $500,000 of net proceeds of this offering (after deducting offering expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions) will not be held in the trust account.
Except as set forth below, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination within the required time period; (2) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination in the required time period; and (3) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our
    amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption of public shares as described in this prospectus or redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity. Therefore, unless and until our initial business combination is consummated, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be available for our use for any expenses related to this offering or expenses which we may incur related to the investigation and selection of a target business and the negotiation of an agreement to acquire a target business.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be released to us from the trust account any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we need to pay our income or other tax obligations. With this exception, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to an initial business combination only from the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account of approximately $500,000; provided, however, that in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our initial business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete an initial business combination, the loans will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available.
  10
    Limited payments to insiders   There will be no fees, reimbursements or other cash payments paid to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units held in the trust account prior to the consummation of our initial business combination:
    •    repayment at the closing of this offering of non-interest bearing advances in an aggregate amount of $450,000 made by our sponsor;
  •    reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets and business combinations; and
    •    repayment upon consummation of our initial business combination of any loans which may be made by our initial shareholders or their affiliates or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination.
    There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.
  11
    Shareholder approval of, or tender offer in connection with, initial business combination  
In connection with any proposed initial business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, for their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval.
  We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company.
  We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all.
    Our initial shareholders and officers and directors have agreed (i) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (ii) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or any amendment to our charter prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and (iii) not to sell any shares to us in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination.
  None of our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or ordinary shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a general meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, or choose to convert their shares, our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence any vote held to approve a proposed initial business combination or to increase the likelihood of satisfying any closing conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock, shares or other equity securities.
  12
    Redemption rights   At any general meeting called to approve an initial business combination, any public shareholder (whether they are voting for or against such proposed business combination or not voting at all) will be entitled to demand that his, her or its ordinary shares be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account (initially $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account less amounts necessary to pay our taxes).
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 20% or more of the ordinary shares sold in this offering without our prior written consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those shareholders that hold more than 20% of the shares sold in this offering) for or against our initial business combination.
  Whether we elect to effectuate our initial business combination via shareholder vote or tender offer, we will require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option prior to the expiration of the tender offer, or in the event we distribute proxy materials, up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery at or prior to the general meeting ensures that a holder’s election to redeem his shares is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a nominal fee and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the business combination in order to exercise redemption rights. This is because a holder would need to deliver shares to exercise redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to shareholders.
  13
    Liquidation if no business combination  
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining holders of ordinary shares and our board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the company, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law.
      In connection with our redemption of 100% of our issued and outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, each public shareholder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us and less up to $50,000 for liquidation expenses. Holders of warrants will receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation with respect to such warrants, which will expire worthless.
  The holders of the founder shares and private units will not participate in any redemption distribution with respect to their founder shares or private units, until all of the claims of any redeeming shareholders and creditors are fully satisfied (and then only from funds held outside the trust account).
      If we are unable to conclude our initial business combination and we expend all of the net proceeds of this offering not deposited in the trust account, without taking into account any interest earned on the trust account, we expect that the initial per-share redemption price will be approximately $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of our shareholders. In addition, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption price may be less than approximately $10.00.
  We will pay the costs of liquidating the trust account from the up to $50,000 of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that is available to us for liquidation expenses.
      Indemnity   Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations and therefore believe our sponsor will be unlikely to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. However, we believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account.
      Conflict of Interest  
Certain of our initial stockholders are affiliates of Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners, the lead bookrunning managers in this offering. As a result, Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners are deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of Rule 5121 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“Rule 5121”).
  Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the applicable requirements of Rule 5121. Rule 5121 requires that a “qualified independent underwriter,” as defined in Rule 5121, participate in the preparation of the registration statement and prospectus and exercise the usual standards of due diligence with respect thereto.           has agreed to act as a “qualified independent underwriter” for this offering.            will receive a fee of $           upon the completion of this offering for acting as a qualified independent underwriter. We have agreed to indemnify            against certain liabilities incurred in connection with acting as a “qualified independent underwriter,” including liabilities under the Securities Act. In addition, no underwriter with a conflict of interest will confirm sales to any account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the specific prior written approval of the account holder.
  14 
    Summary of Risk Factors
  An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled “Risk Factors,” alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to:
  • We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within 15 months after the closing of this offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, we would redeem our public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, and we would liquidate. In such event, our warrants would expire worthless.
  • If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.
  • Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
  • If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, and if you or a “group” of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20% of our ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to convert all such shares in excess of 20% of our ordinary shares.
  • The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination, may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure, or may increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful.
  • We may require shareholders who wish to redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights.
  • If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, which may influence a vote in favor of the business combination and may make it difficult for us to maintain the listing of our ordinary shares on a national securities exchange following consummation of such business combination.
  15 
    • We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, and consequently, an independent source may not confirm that the price we are paying for the business is fair to the company or our shareholders from a financial point of view.
  • We may issue additional ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete a business combination, which would dilute the interests of our shareholders. Similarly, we may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial indebtedness, to complete a business combination, which may affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us.
  • Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
  • Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and by the status of debt and equity markets.
  • As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.
  • Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination.
  • We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
  • If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to additional risks relating to the impact of foreign laws, currency risk, tariffs and trade barriers, tax risks, less developed corporate governance standards, and investors may have difficulty in enforcing judgments against us.
  • Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.
  • Our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
  • Our officers and directors may have interests in a potential business combination that are different than yours, which may create conflicts of interest.
  • You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
  • If third parties bring claims against us, and if our directors decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor or if our sponsor does not have the funds to indemnify us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share. Further, our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.
  • You will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our ordinary shares.
  16 
    • The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry.
  • There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
   • Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
  • Holders of warrants will not participate in liquidating distributions if we are unable to complete an initial business combination. If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, public warrant holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. Further, we may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.
  • We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding public warrants.
  • Provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares may be amended prior to the consummation of our initial business combination with the approval of the holders of 65% (or 50% if for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with, the consummation of our initial business combination) of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting on such amendment.
  • We may not call an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, and accordingly, shareholders will not be afforded an opportunity to appoint directors and discuss company affairs with management until such time.
  • We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Additionally, since we will have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the successful consummation of this offering, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies, such as Rule 419.
  • If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
  • Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and our executive offices are located in China, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited.
  • We are an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.
  17 
    Summary Financial Data
   The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented.
      January 31,
2021  
    Actual     As Adjusted(1)  
Balance Sheet Data:   (Audited)     (Unaudited)  
Working capital (deficiency)(2)   $ (29,033 )   $ 50,520,967  
Total assets(3)     75,000       50,520,967  
Total liabilities     54,033       -  
Value of shares subject to redemption(4)     -       45,520,960  
Shareholders’ equity     20,967       5,000,007  
    (1) Includes $2,500,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units.
  (2) The “as adjusted” calculation equals actual shareholder’s equity of $20,967 as of January 31, 2021, plus $50,000,000 in cash that will be held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units, plus $500,000 in cash held outside the trust accounts.
  (3) The “as adjusted” calculation equals actual shareholder’s equity of $20,967 as of January 31, 2021, plus $50,000,000 in cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units, plus $500,000 in cash held outside the trust accounts.
  (4) The “as adjusted” value of ordinary shares which may be redeemed for cash is derived by taking 4,552,096 ordinary shares which may be redeemed, representing the maximum number of shares that may be redeemed while maintaining at least $5,000,001 in net tangible assets immediately prior to or upon consummation of the offering, multiplied by a redemption price of $10.00. The actual number of shares that may be redeemed may be more or less than the foregoing number.
  The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the sale of the units we are offering and the sale of the private units, including the payment of the estimated costs of the offering from such sales and the repayment of the accrued and other liabilities required to be repaid.
  The “as adjusted” working capital and total assets amounts include the $50,000,000 to be held in the trust account, which, except for limited situations described in this prospectus, will be available to us only upon the consummation of our initial business combination within the time period described in this prospectus.
  We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation and a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination (if a vote is required or being obtained).
  18 
    RISK FACTORS
   An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
  Risks Relating to Searching for and Consummating a Business Combination
  Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.”
  As of January 31, 2021, we had $25,000 in cash and a working capital deficit of $(29,033). Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern.
  The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination and may limit the amount of time we have to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to consummate our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.
  Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning our initial business combination will be aware that we must consummate our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering. Consequently, such target businesses may obtain leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
  We may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.
  We must complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and prior to any voluntary winding up.
  19 
    If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months of the closing of this offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such period of time before redemption from our trust account.
  If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs by way of a voluntary liquidation, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to our commencing any voluntary liquidation. If we are required to liquidate prior to distributing the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses) pro rata to our public shareholders, then such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 15 months before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. Except as otherwise described herein, we have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of any redemption required as a result of our failure to consummate our initial business combination within the period described above or our liquidation, unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their ordinary shares. Only upon any such redemption of public shares as we are required to effect or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination.
   Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination.
  If we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote in conjunction with our initial business combination for business or other legal reasons, we will conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting, provided that we were not seeking to issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Furthermore, shareholder approval would not be required pursuant to the Companies Act if our initial business combination were structured as a purchase of assets, a purchase of stock, shares or other equity securities of the target not involving a merger with us, or a merger of the target into a subsidiary of our company, or if we otherwise entered into contractual arrangements with a target to obtain control of such company. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination.
  Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
  At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Because our board of directors may consummate our initial business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination.
  If we seek shareholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20% of our ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20% of our ordinary shares.
  If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, individually or together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in this offering. Your inability to redeem more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in this offering will reduce your influence over our ability to consummate our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell such excess shares in open market transactions. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20% and, in order to dispose of such shares, you would be required to sell your shares in open market transaction, potentially at a loss.
  20 
    Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
  Upon closing of this offering and the private placement, our initial shareholders will own 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the forfeiture of 187,500 founder shares by our initial shareholders as a result thereof). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any units in this offering or if they purchase any additional ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, has any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only one-third of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of our initial business combination.
  The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into our initial business combination with a target.
  We may enter into a business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition, and as a result, would not be able to proceed with such business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires us to provide all of our public shareholders with an opportunity to redeem all of their shares in connection with the consummation of any initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination, or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets would be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into our initial business combination transaction with us.
  The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to consummate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
  In connection with the successful consummation of our initial business combination, we may redeem up to that number of ordinary shares that would permit us to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, the redemption threshold may be further limited. Alternatively, we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination in case a larger percentage of shareholders exercise their redemption rights than we expect. If the acquisition involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to the target or its shareholders to make up for the failure to satisfy a minimum cash requirement. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.
  21 
    The ability of our public shareholders to exercise their redemption rights may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
  If our initial business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many public shareholders may exercise redemption rights, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon such redemption, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our initial business combination. In the event that the acquisition involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.
  The requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete such a business combination with.
  Pursuant to the Nasdaq listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete an initial business combination with. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account.
  We may be unable to consummate an initial business combination if a target business requires that we have a certain amount of cash at closing, in which case public shareholders may have to remain shareholders of our company and wait until our redemption of the public shares to receive a pro rata share of the trust account or attempt to sell their shares in the open market.
  A potential target may make it a closing condition to our initial business combination that we have a certain amount of cash in excess of the $5,000,001 of net tangible assets we are required to have pursuant to our organizational documents available at the time of closing. If the number of our public shareholders electing to exercise their redemption rights has the effect of reducing the amount of money available to us to consummate an initial business combination below such minimum amount required by the target business and we are not able to locate an alternative source of funding, we will not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. In that case, public shareholders may have to remain shareholders of our company and wait the full 15 months in order to be able to receive a portion of the trust account, or attempt to sell their shares in the open market prior to such time, in which case they may receive less than they would have in a liquidation of the trust account.
  The requirement that we maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount of cash could increase the probability that our business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.
  If, pursuant to the terms of our proposed business combination, we are required to maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount of cash in trust in order to consummate the business combination and regardless of whether we proceed with redemptions under the tender or proxy rules, the probability that our business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in our trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with the exercise of your redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.
   22 
    We intend to offer each public shareholder the option to vote in favor of the proposed business combination and still seek redemption of such shareholders’ shares.
  In connection with any general meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public shareholder (but not our initial shareholders, officers or directors) the right to have his, her or its ordinary shares redeemed for cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus) regardless of whether such shareholder votes for or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation and a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. This is different than other similarly structured blank check companies where shareholders are offered the right to redeem their shares only when they vote for or against a proposed business combination. This threshold and the ability to seek redemption while voting in favor of a proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
  We will require public shareholders who wish to redeem their ordinary shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for redemption that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights.
  We will require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, prior to the expiration date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or in the event we distribute proxy materials, up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination. In order to obtain a physical share certificate, a shareholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that shareholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, this may not be the case. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any general meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a shareholder would have to determine whether to exercise redemption rights. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for shareholders to deliver their shares, shareholders who wish to redeem may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their redemption rights and thus may be unable to redeem their shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares, its shares may not be redeemed.
  Additionally, despite our compliance with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, shareholders may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem their shares.
  Redeeming shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved.
  We will require public shareholders who wish to redeem their ordinary shares in connection with any proposed business combination to comply with the delivery requirements discussed above for redemption. If such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public shareholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to redeem their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our ordinary shares may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other shareholders that did not seek redemption may be able to sell their securities.
  23 
    Because of our structure, other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination.
  We expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including private equity groups, venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Therefore, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking shareholder approval of our initial business combination may delay the consummation of a transaction. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination.
  If we seek shareholder approval of our business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public shareholders, in which case they may influence a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support.
  If we seek shareholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the consummation of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Please see “Proposed Business — Permitted purchases of our securities” for a description of how such persons will determine which shareholders to seek to acquire shares from. Such a purchase would include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares.
  The purpose of such purchases would be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (2) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of the business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the consummation of an initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
  Purchases of ordinary shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions by our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates may make it difficult for us to maintain the listing of our ordinary shares on a national securities exchange following the consummation of an initial business combination.
  If our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates purchase ordinary shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, the public “float” of our ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our securities would both be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain the listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange following consummation of the business combination.
  Because we are not limited to any particular business or specific geographic location or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’ operations.
  We may pursue acquisition opportunities in any geographic region and in any business industry or sector. Except for the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) and that we are not permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to our initial business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we consummate our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. An investment in our units may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in an acquisition target.
  24 
    We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity, and consequently, an independent source may not confirm that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company (or shareholders) from a financial point of view.
  Unless we consummate our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our company (or shareholders) from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Our board of directors will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target acquisition. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.
  A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.
  If:
  (i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per share;
  (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and
  (iii) the Market Value is below $9.20 per share,
  then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. Potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that contain this provision, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.
  Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.
  We will be issuing warrants to purchase 3,750,000 of our ordinary shares (or up to 4,312,500 ordinary shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), as part of the units offered by this prospectus, and warrants underlying the private units to purchase 187,500 ordinary shares (or up to 201,562 ordinary shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in the private placement, in each case, at a price of $11.50 per share. In addition, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, make certain loans to us, up to $500,000 of which may be converted upon consummation of our initial business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued private warrants to purchase an aggregate of 25,000 ordinary shares). To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares and reduce the value of the ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.
  25 
    We may issue additional ordinary or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan upon or after consummation of our initial business combination, which would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will authorize the issuance of 500,000,000 ordinary shares. We may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan upon or after consummation of our initial business combination. Although no such issuance of ordinary or preferred shares will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account, the issuance of additional ordinary or preferred shares:
  • may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, who will not have pre-emption rights in respect of such an issuance;
  • may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights created by amendment of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association by resolution of the directors senior to those afforded our ordinary shares;
  • could cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and
  • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, ordinary shares and/or warrants.
  We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete our initial business combination, which may adversely affect our financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us.
  Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete initial business combination. Furthermore, we may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan upon or after consummation of our initial business combination. We and our officers and directors have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
  • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
  • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
  • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
  • our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
  • our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;
  26 
    • using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
  • limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
  • increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
  • limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
  We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering, and the sale of the private units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business, which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
  The net proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private units will provide us with approximately $50,000,000 (or approximately $57,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that we may use to complete our initial business combination.
  We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities, which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
  • solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or
  • dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
  This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.
  We may attempt to simultaneously consummate business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
  If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
  27 
    Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
  We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) or potentially less than $10.00 per share on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless.
  We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) or potentially less than $10.00 per share on our redemption, and the warrants will expire worthless.
  Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units, together with interest earned on the trust account, will be sufficient to allow us to consummate our initial business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units, together with available interest from the trust account, prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. Financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular initial business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) or potentially less than $10.00 per share on our redemption, and the warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to consummate our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.
  Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
  The United States federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements must be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or International Financial Reporting Standard as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, and the historical financial statements must be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and consummate our initial business combination within our 15 month time frame.
  28 
    Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.
  The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination may have been materially and adversely affected or may be so affected in the future. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extended period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
  As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.
  In recent years and especially in the last several months, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination.
  In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.
  Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination.
  In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue.
  The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination’s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.
  In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims (“run-off insurance”). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.
  29 
    Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company
  We may seek investment opportunities outside of our management’s area of expertise and our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all significant risks associated with the target company.
  There is no limitation on the industry or business sector we may consider when contemplating our initial business combination. We may therefore be presented with a business combination candidate in an industry unfamiliar to our management team, but determine that such candidate offers an attractive investment opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an investment outside of our management’s expertise, our management’s experience may not be directly applicable to the target business or their evaluation of its operations.
  We may seek investment opportunities with a financially unstable business or in its early stages of development.
  To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.
  Although we identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
  Although we have identified specific criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we consummate our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce our initial business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or the rules of Nasdaq, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) or potentially less than $10.00 per share on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless.
  Subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.
  Even if we conduct thorough due diligence on a target business with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing.
  30 
    Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be largely dependent upon the efforts of our officers, directors and key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of our officers, directors, or key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our business.
  Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Additionally, we do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
  The role of such persons in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of such persons may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
  We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
  When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’ management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted.
  Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
  The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon consummation of our initial business combination. The loss of an acquisition target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
  The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the consummation of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that some members of the management team of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
  31 
    Our management team and our shareholders may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
  We may structure our initial business combination to acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only consummate such business combination if we will become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even though we may own a majority interest in the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target. In this case, we acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock, shares or other equity securities than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.
  We may qualify as a passive foreign investment company, or “PFIC,” which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.
  If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — General”) of our ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our actual PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — U.S. Holders — Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”). Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any future taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year (of which there can be no assurance), we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder upon request such information as the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a “qualified electing fund” election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed explanation of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders, see the section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — U.S. Holders — Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules.”
  We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders.
  We may, in connection with our initial business combination, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.
  32 
    We may re-domicile or continue out of the Cayman Islands into another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.
  In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business or re-domicile or continue out of the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction would likely govern all of our material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Any such reincorporation and the international nature of our business will likely subject us to foreign regulation.
   Investors may have difficulty enforcing judgments against our management or our target business.
  After the consummation of a business combination, it is possible that substantially all or a significant portion of our assets may be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors may reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under federal securities laws.
  Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside of the United States
  If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.
  If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following:
  • rules and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
  • laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;
  • exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;
  • tariffs and trade barriers;
  • regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
  • longer payment cycles;
  • tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
  • currency fluctuations and exchange controls;
  • rates of inflation;
  • challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
  • cultural and language differences;
  • employment regulations;
  • crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and
  • deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer.
  33 
      Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and our executive offices are located in China, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited.
  We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and our executive offices are located in China. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States on our company, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our company.
  Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States.
  We have been advised by Harney Westwood & Riegels, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.
  As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.
  Because of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted.
  Managing a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance.
  Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
  Our ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition.
  34
    Rules and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent.
  Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results.
  If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.
  Following our initial business combination, certain members of our management team will likely resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely affect our operations.
  After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.
  The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. If in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.
  Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.
  In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.
  Because foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdiction or elsewhere, which could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.
  Foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available outside of such foreign jurisdiction’s legal system. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. As a result, the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business and business opportunities.
  35
    Corporate governance standards in foreign countries may not be as strict or developed as in the United States and such weakness may hide issues and operational practices that are detrimental to a target business.
  General corporate governance standards in some countries are weak in that they do not prevent business practices that cause unfavorable related party transactions, over-leveraging, improper accounting, family company interconnectivity and poor management. Local laws often do not go far to prevent improper business practices. Therefore, shareholders may not be treated impartially and equally as a result of poor management practices, asset shifting, conglomerate structures that result in preferential treatment to some parts of the overall company, and cronyism. The lack of transparency and ambiguity in the regulatory process also may result in inadequate credit evaluation and weakness that may precipitate or encourage financial crisis. In our evaluation of a business combination we will have to evaluate the corporate governance of a target and the business environment, and in accordance with United States laws for reporting companies take steps to implement practices that will cause compliance with all applicable rules and accounting practices. Notwithstanding these intended efforts, there may be endemic practices and local laws that could add risk to an investment we ultimately make and that result in an adverse effect on our operations and financial results.
  Companies in foreign countries may be subject to accounting, auditing, regulatory and financial standards and requirements that differ, in some cases significantly, from those applicable to public companies in the United States, which may make it more difficult or complex to consummate a business combination. In particular, the assets and profits appearing on the financial statements of a foreign company may not reflect its financial position or results of operations in the way they would be reflected had such financial statements been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and there may be substantially less publicly available information about companies in certain jurisdictions than there is about comparable United States companies. Moreover, foreign companies may not be subject to the same degree of regulation as are United States companies with respect to such matters as insider trading rules, tender offer regulation, shareholder proxy requirements and the timely disclosure of information.
  Legal principles relating to corporate affairs and the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities and shareholders’ rights for foreign corporations may differ from those that may apply in the U.S., which may make the consummation of a business combination with an foreign company more difficult. We therefore may have more difficulty in achieving our business objective.
  Because a foreign judiciary may determine the scope and enforcement of almost all of our target business’ material agreements under the law of such foreign jurisdiction, we may be unable to enforce our rights inside and outside of such jurisdiction.
  The law of a foreign jurisdiction may govern almost all of our target business’ material agreements, some of which may be with governmental agencies in such jurisdiction. We cannot assure you that the target business or businesses will be able to enforce any of their material agreements or that remedies will be available outside of such jurisdiction. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements may have a material adverse impact on our future operations.
  Mail addressed to us may not reach us in a timely manner.
  Mail addressed to us and received at our registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by us to be dealt with. Neither we nor our directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address.
  We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.
  We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities.
  36
    Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.
  Risks Relating to our Management, Directors, and Initial Shareholders
  Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company.
  Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team and their affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team’s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward.
  Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
  Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our key personnel may not remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
  Management’s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with our management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our shareholders.
  Subject to the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Investors will be relying on management’s ability to identify business combinations, evaluate their merits, conduct or monitor diligence and conduct negotiations. Management’s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our shareholders.
  37
    Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
  Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business.
  Our officers also may become aware of business opportunities, which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary duties or contractual obligations. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor or that a potential target business would not be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us.
  The shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors may not participate in liquidation distributions and, therefore, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination.
  Our officers and directors have waived their right to redeem their founder shares or any other ordinary shares acquired in this offering or thereafter, or to receive distributions with respect to their founder shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination, until all of the claims of any redeeming shareholders and creditors are fully satisfied (and then only from funds held outside the trust account). Accordingly, these securities will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. Any warrants they hold, like those held by the public, will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders’ best interest.
  We may engage in our initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
  We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to consummate our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company (or shareholders) from a financial point of view of a target business affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Our directors have a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of our company, whether or not a conflict of interest may exist.
  Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not consummated and our officers and directors have significant financial interests in us, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular acquisition target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
  Our initial shareholders have purchased an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. In addition, our initial shareholders have committed to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 private units (or up to 268,750 private units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) for an aggregate purchase price of $2,500,000 (or up to $2,687,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that will also be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination.
  38
    Risks Relating to our Securities
  You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.
  Our public shareholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of a redemption to public shareholders prior to any winding up in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination or our liquidation (ii) if they redeem their shares in connection with an initial business combination that we consummate or (iii) if they redeem their shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to the funds in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your securities, potentially at a loss.
  If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share liquidation price received by shareholders may be less than $10.00.
  Our placing of funds in trust may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, they may not execute such agreements. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, nor will the underwriters of this offering.
  Even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the monies held in the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of our public shareholders. If we liquidate the trust account before the completion of a business combination, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us and which have not executed a waiver agreement. However, our sponsor may not be able to meet such obligation. Therefore, the per-share distribution from the trust account in such a situation may be less than $10.00 due to such claims.
  Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us which is not dismissed, or if we otherwise enter compulsory or court supervised liquidation, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we may not be able to return to our public shareholders at least $10.00 per share.
  Our directors may decide not to enforce indemnification obligations against our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders.
  In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine on our behalf whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf to enforce such indemnification obligations, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations on our behalf, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
  39
    The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
  The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable. Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
  Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.
  If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors or as having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business immediately following the date on which the distribution was proposed to be paid would be guilty of an offence and may be liable on a summary conviction to a fine of $18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.
  Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per founder share (assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option) and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our ordinary shares.
  The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the ordinary shares and none to the warrants included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per ordinary share after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our initial shareholders acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon closing of this offering, you and the other public shareholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 74.3% or $7.43 per share (the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $2.59 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per ordinary share).
  40
    We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time.
  In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of $10.00 per share or which approximates the per-shareamounts in our trust account at such time, which is generally approximately $10.00. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time.
  The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry.
  Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with representatives of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the units, including the ordinary shares and warrants underlying the units, include:
  • the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
  • prior offerings of those companies;
  • our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
  • a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions;
  • our capital structure;
  • an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
  • general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and
  • other factors as were deemed relevant.
  Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results.
  There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
  Although we have applied to list our securities on Nasdaq, as of the date of this prospectus there is currently no market for our securities. Prospective shareholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Once listed on Nasdaq, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. Additionally, if our securities become delisted from Nasdaq for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities not listed on a national exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were listed on Nasdaq or another national exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.
  Once initially listed on Nasdaq, our securities may not continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
  We anticipate that our securities will be initially listed on Nasdaq upon consummation of this offering. However, we cannot assure you of this or that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. Additionally, in connection with our business combination, Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.
  If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange, and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
  • a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
  • a reduced liquidity with respect to our securities;
  • a determination that our ordinary shares are a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our ordinary shares;
  • a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and
  • a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
  41
    The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares.
  Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on the date of this prospectus, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register for resale an aggregate of 1,250,000 (or 1,437,500 if the over-allotment is exercised in full) founder shares, 250,000 private units (or up to 268,750 private units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) and the underlying private shares and private warrants, and up to 50,000 units issuable upon conversion of working capital loans and the underlying shares and warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our ordinary shares that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders or their respective permitted transferees are registered.
  Holders of warrants will not participate in liquidating distributions if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period.
  If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, the warrants will expire and holders will not receive any of such proceeds with respect to the warrants. In this case, holders of warrants are treated in the same manner as holders of warrants of blank check companies whose units are comprised of shares and warrants, as the warrants in those companies do not participate in liquidating distributions. Nevertheless, the foregoing may provide a financial incentive to public shareholders to vote in favor of any proposed initial business combination as their warrants would entitle the holder to purchase one ordinary share, resulting in an increase in their overall economic stake in our company. If a business combination is not approved, the warrants will expire and will be worthless.
  If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, public holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a “cashless basis” which would result in a fewer number of shares being issued to the holder had such holder exercised the warrants for cash.
  If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrant at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis” provided that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of ordinary shares that a holder will receive upon exercise of its public warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised its warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the private warrants may be exercisable for unregistered ordinary shares for cash even if the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and effective.
  42
    An investor will only be able to exercise a warrant if the issuance of ordinary shares upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants.
  No public warrants will be exercisable for cash and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless the ordinary shares issuable upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. At the time that the warrants become exercisable, we expect to have our securities listed on a national securities exchange, which would provide an exemption from registration in every state. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. If the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold.
  Our management’s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash.
  If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including the private units and any other warrants held by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company.
  We may amend the terms of the warrants in a way that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants.
  Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including the private units) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
  The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares may be amended prior to the consummation of our initial business combination with the approval of the holders of 65% (or 50% if for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with, the consummation of our initial business combination) of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting on such amendment at the relevant general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of many blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the consummation of an initial business combination that a significant number of our shareholders may not support.
  Many blank check companies have a provision in their charter, which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those, which relate to a company’s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company’s shareholders. Typically, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90% and 100% of the company’s public shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, its provisions related to pre-business combination activity and the rights and obligations attaching to the ordinary shares, may be amended if approved by holders of 65% (or 50% if approved in connection with our initial business combination) of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting on such amendment. Prior to our initial business combination, if we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote on any proposed amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Other provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may be amended prior to the consummation of our initial business combination if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. Following the consummation of our initial business combination, the rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares and other provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may be amended if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. Our initial shareholders, which will beneficially own approximately 20% of our ordinary shares upon the closing of this offering (assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering, no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the forfeiture of 187,500 founder shares by our initial shareholders as a result thereof), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination and the rights and obligations attaching to the ordinary shares behavior more easily that many blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to consummate our initial business combination with which you do not agree. However, we and our directors and officers have agreed not to propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance and timing of our obligation to redeem the public shares of any public shareholder without the consent of that holder.
  43
    Our board of directors may by resolution create additional classes of securities, including shares with rights, preferences, designations and limitations without a shareholder vote.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association permit the board of directors by resolution to designate rights, preferences, designations and limitations attaching to preferred shares as they determine in their discretion, without shareholder approval with respect the terms or the issuance. If issued, the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of the preferred shares would be set by the board of directors and could operate to the disadvantage of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares the holders of which would not have any pre-emption rights in respect of such an issue of preferred shares. Such terms could include, among others, preferences as to dividends and distributions on liquidation, or could be used to prevent possible corporate takeovers.
  If we do not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, shareholders will not be afforded an opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management until such time.
  We may not call an annual general meeting until after we consummate our initial business combination. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Accordingly, shareholders would not have the right to attend such a meeting or appoint directors, unless the holders of not less than 10% in par value capital of our company request such a meeting. As a result, it is unlikely that there will be an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of a business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management.
  General Risk Factors
  We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
  We are a blank check company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning our initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
  44
    You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
  Since the net proceeds of this offering are intended to be used to complete our initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, since we will have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable. Moreover, offerings subject to Rule 419 would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our consummation of an initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.”
  If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
  If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment company, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
  If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination.
  Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations.
  We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application also may change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
  Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing a business combination.
  Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination.
  45
    We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our securities less attractive to investors.
  We are an “emerging growth” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.
  Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.
  Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
  We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early state company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.
  46
    CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
  Certain statements contained in this prospectus, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance, and any other statements of a future or forward-looking nature, constitute “forward-looking statements” for the purpose of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about:
  • our ability to complete our initial business combination;
  • our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
  • our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements;
  • our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
  • our pool of prospective target businesses, including their industry and geographic location;
  • the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;
  • failure to list or delisting of our securities from Nasdaq or an inability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq following a business combination;
  • our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
  • the lack of a market for our securities; or
  • our financial performance following this offering or an initial business combination.
  The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors”. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
  47
    USE OF PROCEEDS
  We are offering 5,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private units (all of which will be deposited into the trust account) will be used as set forth in the following table.
        Without
Over-
Allotment
Option       Over-Allotment
Option
Exercised  
Gross proceeds                
From public offering   $ 50,000,000     $ 57,500,000  
From private offering     2,500,000       2,687,500  
Total gross proceeds     52,500,000       60,187,500  
                  Offering expenses(1)                
Underwriting discount (2.5% of gross proceeds from offering)(5)     1,250,000 (2)     1,437,500 (2)
Legal fees and expenses     250,000       250,000  
Nasdaq listing fee (including the deferred amount)     50,000       50,000  
Printing and engraving expenses     30,000       30,000  
Accounting fees and expenses     40,000       40,000  
FINRA filing fee     16,564       16,564  
Transfer agent fee     25,000       25,000  
D&O insurance premiums     300,000       300,000  
SEC registration fee     11,684       11,684  
Miscellaneous expenses     26,752       26,752  
Total offering expenses     2,000,000       2,187,500  
                  Net proceeds                
Held in the trust account     50,000,000       57,500,000  
Not held in the trust account     500,000       500,000  
Total net proceeds   $ 50,500,000     $ 58,000,000  
                  Use of net proceeds not held in the trust account(3)(4)                
Legal, accounting and other third party expenses related to business combination     300,000       60.0 %
Due diligence investigation, target searching and negotiation of our initial business combination     50,000       10.0 %
SEC filing and other legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations     80,000       16.0 %
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expense and general corporate purposes     70,000       14.0 %
Total   $ 500,000       100.0 %
      (1) A portion of the offering expenses, including the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee, the non-refundable portion of the Nasdaq listing fee and a portion of the legal and audit fees, have been paid from the funds advanced to us by our sponsor. These funds will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us.
  48
    (2) No discounts or commissions will be paid with respect to the purchase of the private units.
  (3) The amount of proceeds not held in trust will remain constant at approximately $500,000 even if the over-allotment is exercised. The amount in the table above does not include interest available to us from the trust account to pay our tax obligations. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate the pre-tax interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $50,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount.
  (4) These are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of that business combination. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would be deducted from our excess working capital.
  (5) We have engaged the representatives as advisors in connection with our business combination. We will pay the representatives a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.0% of the gross proceeds of this offering (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable). Please see “Underwriting—Business Combination Marketing Agreement” for further information relating to the business combination marketing agreement between us and the underwriters.
  A total of $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the net proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private units described in this prospectus will be placed in a trust account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee and will be held as cash or invested only in U.S. government treasury bills, notes and bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act and which invest solely in U.S. Treasuries. Except for all interest income that may be released to us to pay taxes, and up to $50,000 to pay dissolution expenses, none of the funds held in the trust account will be released from the trust account until the earlier of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination within the required time period; (2) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination in the required time period; and (3) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity.
  The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using shares or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the purchase price in connection with our business combination, we may apply the cash released from the trust account that is not applied to the purchase price for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of acquired businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in consummating the initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies, the payment of a fee to the representatives upon consummation of our initial business combination for assisting us in connection with our initial business combination, as described under the section titled “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) — Business Combination Marketing Agreement,” or for working capital. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
  We believe that amounts not held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of our initial business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. In this event, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from our initial shareholders or our officers and directors or their affiliates, but such members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.
  49
    As of the date of this prospectus, our sponsor advanced us, pursuant to a promissory note, a total of $450,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. The loan is, at the discretion of the sponsor, due on the earlier of December 31, 2021, the consummation of this offering or the abandonment of this offering. The promissory note will be payable without interest. The promissory note will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us for payment of offering expenses.
  In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we consummate our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the offering proceeds held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $500,000 of such notes may be convertible into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit.
  In no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination. Furthermore, the redemption threshold may be further limited by the terms and conditions of our initial business combination. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights so that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement or any net worth or cash requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares or the business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination.
  A public shareholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our consummation of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period or (iii) the redemption of our public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption of the public shares or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
  Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private units in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Our initial shareholders have also agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any public shares purchased during or after the offering in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions with respect to its founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period.
  50
    DIVIDEND POLICY
  We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a share dividend immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding our ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering (assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase units in this offering).
  51
    DILUTION
  The difference between the public offering price per share, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are offering by this prospectus and the private units, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with sale and exercise of warrants, including the private units. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of ordinary shares which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares.
  At January 31, 2021, our net tangible book value was $(29,033), or approximately $(0.02)per share. After giving effect to the sale of 5,000,000 ordinary shares included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, and the deduction of underwriting discounts and estimated expenses of this offering, and the sale of the private units, our pro forma net tangible book value at January 31, 2021 would have been $5,000,007 or $2.57 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $2.59 per share to the initial shareholders and an immediate dilution of 74.3% per share or $ 7.43 to new investors not exercising their redemption rights. For purposes of presentation, our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering is $ 45,520,960 less than it otherwise would have been because if we effect our initial business combination, the redemption rights of the public shareholders (but not our initial shareholders) may result in the redemption of up to 4,552,096 shares sold in this offering. The actual number of ordinary shares that may be subject to redemption could exceed the foregoing amount so long as we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of the business combination.
  The following table illustrates the dilution to our public shareholders on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units.
  Public offering price           $ 10.00  
Net tangible book value before this offering   $ (0.02 )        
Increase attributable to new investors and private sales   $ 2.59          
Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering           $ 2.57  
Dilution to new investors           $ 7.43  
Percentage of dilution to new investors             74.3 %
  The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial shareholders and the new investors:
      Shares Purchased     Total Consideration    
Average 
    Number     Percentage     Amount     Percentage    
Price per
Share
  Initial shareholders (founder shares)     1,250,000 (1)     19.2 %   $ 25,000       0.1 %   $ 0.02  
Private placement     250,000       3.8 %   $ 2,500,000       4.7 %   $ 10.00  
Public shareholders     5,000,000       77.0 %     50,000,000       95.2 %   $ 10.00  
Total     6,500,000       100.0 %   $ 52,525,000       100.0 %        
      (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 founder shares have been forfeited by our initial shareholders as a result thereof.
  For purposes of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) by $45,520,960 because holders of up to approximately 91.0% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account as set forth in our tender offer or proxy materials (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two business days prior to the commencement of our tender offer or shareholders meeting, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes), divided by the number of ordinary shares sold in this offering.
  52
    The pro forma net tangible book value per share after the offering is calculated as follows:
  Numerator:        
Net tangible book value before the offering   $ (29,033 )
Net proceeds from this offering and private placements of private units     50,500,000  
Plus: Offering costs accrued for and excluded from tangible book value before offering     50,000  
Less: Proceeds held in the trust account subject to redemption     45,520,960  
    $ 5,000,007  
Denominator:        
Ordinary shares outstanding prior to this offering(1)     1,250,000  
Ordinary shares to be sold as part of the units in this offering     5,000,000  
Ordinary shares included in the private units     250,000  
Less: Shares subject to redemption     (4,552,096 )
      1,947,904  
      (1) Assumes that the underwriters’ over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 187,500 founder shares have been forfeited by our initial shareholders as a result thereof.
  53
    CAPITALIZATION
  The following table sets forth our capitalization at January 31, 2021 and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of 5,000,000 units offered by this prospectus and the sale of 250,000 private units, and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities, assuming no exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option:
      January 31, 2021  
    Actual     As Adjusted(1)  
Notes payable and advances from related parties(2)   $ -     $ -  
Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, and 4,552,096 shares which are subject to possible redemption/tender(3)     -       45,520,960  
Shareholders’ equity:                
Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized; 1,437,500 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 1,947,904 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 4,552,096 shares subject to possible redemption/tender), as adjusted     144       195  
Additional paid-in capital     24,856       5,003,845  
Accumulated deficit     (4,033 )     (4,033 )
Total shareholders’ equity     20,967       5,000,007  
Total capitalization   $ 20,967     $ 50,520,967  
      (1) Includes the $2,500,000 we will receive from the sale of the private units.
  (2) On February 10, 2021, we issued a $450,000 promissory note to our sponsor. The notes are non-interest bearing and are payable on the earlier to occur of the consummation of this offering or the abandonment of this offering.
  (3) Upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we will provide our shareholders (but not our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers or directors) with the opportunity to redeem or sell their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest not previously released to us (less taxes payable), subject to the limitations described herein whereby our net tangible assets will be maintained at a minimum of $5,000,001.
  54 
    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
  Overview
  We are a blank check company newly incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 6, 2021 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination.
  The issuance of additional shares in our initial business combination:
  • may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any such issue;
  • may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if the rights, preferences, designations and limitations attaching to preferred shares are created by amendment of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association by resolution of the board of directors and preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares;
  • could cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
  • may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
  • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our ordinary shares.
  Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant indebtedness, it could result in:
  • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
  • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
  • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;
  • our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if any document governing such debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
  • our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;
  • using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
  • limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
  • increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
  55 
    • limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
  As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at January 31, 2021, we had $25,000 in cash and a working capital deficit of $(29,033). Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. Our plans to raise capital or to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
  Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events
  We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering.
  Liquidity and Capital Resources
  Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the founder shares and advances from our sponsor, RedOne Investment Limited, in an aggregate amount of $450,000 that is more fully described below. We estimate that the net proceeds from (1) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $765,000 and underwriting discounts and commissions of $1,250,000 and (2) the sale of the private units for a purchase price of $2,500,000 (or up to $2,687,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be $50,500,000 (or $58,000,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), of which amount $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account. The remaining estimated $500,000 will not be held in the trust account.
  We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units, including the funds held in the trust account to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our shares used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses.
  We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, the estimated $500,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account, along with interest on the funds held in the trust account that is available to us, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 15 months, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. We anticipate that we will incur approximately:
  • $300,000 of expenses for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses in connection with initial business combination;
  • $50,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses, due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of our initial business combination;
  56 
    • $80,000 of expenses relating to our SEC filing obligations and other legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations;
  • $70,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses.
  If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.
  Controls and Procedures
  We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
  • staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
  • reconciliation of accounts;
  • proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
  • evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
  • documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
  • documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
  Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively also may take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
  Critical Accounting Estimates – “ Deferred Offering Costs”
  Deferred offering costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the proposed public offering and that will be charged to shareholder’s equity upon the completion of the proposed public offering. It may reduce the booked value of shareholders’ equity.
  Related Party Transactions
  Prior to this offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares (up to 187,500 of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to us by the number of founder shares issued. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, we will effect a share dividend or share contribution back to capital, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders prior to this offering at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering (without giving effect to any purchases by our initial shareholders in the offering).
  57 
    As of February 10, 2021, RedOne Investment Limited, our sponsor advanced an aggregate of $450,000 to us on a non-interest bearing basis for the payment of offering expenses on our behalf. The loan is, at the discretion of the sponsor, due on the earlier of December 31, 2021, the consummation of this offering or the abandonment of this offering. The promissory note will be payable without interest. The promissory note will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us for payment of offering expenses.
  Our initial shareholders have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 250,000 private units (or up to 268,750 private units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at $10.00 per unit. Such purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from the purchase of the private units will be placed in the trust account described below.
  We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. In the event that we are unable to consummate an initial business combination, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. If we consummate an initial business combination, the notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 50,000 units if the full amount of notes were issued and converted).
  Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
  The amounts in the trust account will be invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act and that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
  As of the date of this prospectus, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have conducted no operations to date.
  JOBS Act
  On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.
  58 
    Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company”, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of this offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
  59 
    PROPOSED BUSINESS
  General
  We are a blank check company newly incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 6, 2021. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.
  We were incorporated for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.” Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction.
  We will seek to capitalize on the significant contacts and experience of our management team, including Bill Chen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laura Li, our Chief Financial Officer and director, and H. David Sherman, Jinzhong Lu and Yan Zhu, each a member of our board of directors.
  We believe our management team is well positioned to identify attractive risk-adjusted returns in the marketplace and that their professional contacts and transaction sources, ranging from industry executives, private owners, private equity funds, family offices, commercial and investment bankers, lawyers and other financial sector service providers and participants, in addition to the geographical reach of their affiliates, will enable us to pursue a broad range of opportunities. Our management believes that its collective ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives has been an essential driver of past performance and will remain central to its differentiated acquisition strategy. Upon the closing of this offering, members of our management team will communicate with these networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target business and a potential business combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing promising leads.
  Deyin (Bill) Chen has been our Chief Executive Officer since January 6, 2021, and will also serve as our Chairman upon the closing of this offering. Mr. Chen has a mixed background of engineering, finance, and operation management across industries and continents. Mr. Chen has been an independent advisor for merger and acquisition and equity transactions since August 2015. Since February 2020, Mr. Chen has served as a Special Advisor for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC), a special purpose acquisition company that is in the process of completing a business combination with Nuvve Corporation. Since May 2017, Mr. Chen has served as Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai Renaissance Investment Management Co. Ltd., a licensed private equity firm in China that he founded. From March 2014 to August 2015, Mr. Chen served as Executive Vice President of Sanpower Group, a private conglomerate based in China, where he was in charge of cross-border merger and acquisition and post-merger integration. From January 2011 to January 2014, Mr. Chen served as Vice President of Strategy and Global Investment of JA Solar, a vertically integrated solar products manufacturing company based in China. From February 2005 to October 2010, Mr. Chen served as a Partner of BDO Capital Advisors and its affiliates in China with a focus on cross-border merger and acquisition and equity transactions. From June 2001 to August 2004, Mr. Chen served as a Senior Business Advisor to Capgemini, a consulting company based in Toronto Canada. From November 2000 to May 2001, Mr. Chen served as a Senior Financial Analyst in IBM Global Services in Toronto Canada. From December 1997 to November 2000, Mr. Chen served as a Staff Accountant in the General Accounting Department of Ashland Inc. Prior to his career in accounting and finance, Mr. Chen was an engineer and project manager in China from July 1987 to August 1993.
  60 
    Chen (Laura) Li will serve as our Chief Financial Officer and as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Since August 2017, Ms. Li has served as CFO of Shanghai Renaissance Investment Management Co. Ltd., a licensed private equity firm in China where she has conducted numerous financial and risk assessments for equity investments in the private market. From January 2016 to January 2017, Ms. Li served as Director of Operations and Finance for Shanghai Zhaoxi Investment Management Co. Ltd., a private equity firm in China. From March 2014 to December 2015, Ms. Li served as Senior Manager of Financial Analysis at Financial Management Department of GCL Group, a leading renewable products manufacturing company, where she contributed in the implementation of restructuring and listing projects. From November 2011 to February 2014, Ms. Li served as Investment Manager in JA Solar. From November 2006 to November 2010, Ms. Li served as an analyst at the Shanghai office and then the Beijing office of NERA Economic Consulting. From September 2004 to November 2006, Ms. Li served as Finance Manager at ASE Group, a semiconductor manufacturing company. Ms. Li is a Certified Public Accountant in China, and she is also a CFA Charter holder.
  H. David Sherman, MBA, DBA, CPA will serve as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Since 1985, Dr. Sherman has been a professor at Northeastern University, specializing in, among other areas, financial and management accounting, global financial statement analysis and contemporary accounting issues. Since January 2014, Professor Sherman has served as Trustee and Chair of the Finance Committee for the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, the oldest English language acting school in the world. Since July 2010, he has also served as a Board member and Treasurer for D-Tree International, a non-profit organization that develops and supports electronic clinical protocols to enable health care workers worldwide to deliver high quality care. Since September 2019, Dr. Sherman has served as an independent board member for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC). Dr. Sherman previously served on the board and as audit committee chair for Dunxin Financial Holdings Ltd. (AMEX:DXF), a financial service company, Kingold Jewelry Inc. (NASDAQ: KGJI), a designer and manufacturer of gold jewelry-related products, China HGS Real Estate Inc. (NASDAQ: HGSH), a real estate company, Agfeed Corporation, a manufacturing company of agricultural products, and China Growth Alliance, Ltd., a business acquisition company formed to acquire an operating business in China. Dr. Sherman was previously on the faculty of the Sloan School of Management at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and also, among other academic appointments, held an adjunct professorship at Tufts Medical School and was a visiting professor at Harvard Business School (2015). From 2004 to 2005, Dr. Sherman was an Academic Fellow at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in the Division of Corporate Finance’s Office of Chief Accountant. Dr. Sherman is a Certified Public Accountant and previously practiced with Coopers & Lybrand. Dr. Sherman’s research has been published in management and academic journals including Harvard Business Review, Sloan Management Review, Accounting Review and European Journal of Operations Research.
  Jinzhong Lu will serve as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Mr. Lu has extensive experience working with listed companies, including auditing, internal control, risk management and budget management. Since August 2019, Mr. Lu has served as an independent board member and chair of the audit committee for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC). Since October 2016, Mr. Lu has served as certified public accountant at Dahua Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd. From June 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Lu was a Partner of Zhongxinghua Accounting Firm. From October 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Lu served as Marketing Director of Shanghai branch of Daxin Accounting Firm. From July 2012 to September 2013, Mr. Lu served as Partner of Shanghai De’an Accounting Firm. From September 1997 to June 2012, Mr. Lu served as a Partner in the Audit Department of Pricewaterhousecoopers Zhongtian Accounting Firm. From September 1986 to August 1997, Mr. Lu served as a Lecturer and Associate Professor in the Finance and Accounting Department of Shanghai Maritime University. From December 1982 to August 1986, Mr. Lu worked as an accountant in the financial department of Shanghai Daily Hardware Industry Company. From August 2016 to October 2017, Mr. Lu was an external expert of Asset Securitization Research Group of the Development Research Center of the State Council of PRC. From October 2014 to May 2015, he was a member of the expert group of the Evaluation and Assessment of Economic Indicators of State-owned Enterprises at the Ministry of Finance in the People’s Republic of China. Mr. Lu is a Certified Public Account in China.
  Yan Zhu, Ph.D will serve as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Dr. Zhu has extensive expertise in both biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries in drug discovery and development. He has broad experience relating to drug discovery in various therapeutic areas, diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular, infectious disease and cancer. He also has extensive experience in drug development with management of number of preclinical and clinical development candidates. Since December 2013, Dr. Zhu has served as Vice President of Operation, Chemistry Service, and Head of Business Development in Japan for WuxiAppTec Co. Ltd, a CRO company. From March 2011 to November 2013, Dr. Zhu served as Director of Medicinal Chemistry Research Laboratories, Pharmaceutical Research Division of Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd in Japan. From August 2008 to March 2011, Dr. Zhu served as Associate Director of Chemistry in Eli Lilly & Company. From August 2007 to August 2008, Dr. Zhu served as Associate Director of Chemistry in Poniard Pharmaceuticals in San Francisco. From February 2001 to August 2007, Dr. Zhu served as Project Leader and Senior Scientist in Metabolex Inc. in Hayward California. From November 1998 to February 2001, Dr. Zhu served as a Research Scientist of Medicinal Chemistry at Theravance Inc., a biopharma company based in San Francisco. From June 1997 to November 1998, Dr. Zhu served as a Research Scientist in the Department of Bioorganic Chemistry in Genentech Inc., a biotechnology based in San Francisco. Dr. Zhu is a member of American Chemical Society, Division of Organic Chemistry and Medicine Chemistry. Dr. Zhu is also a member of American Diabetes Association.
  61 
    The past performance of our management team or of their affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team’s or their affiliates’ performance as indicative of our future performance.
  We will have until 15 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the warrants will be worthless.
  Nasdaq rules provide that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. If our securities are not listed on Nasdaq after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on Nasdaq at the time of our initial business combination.
  We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target.
  However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
  62 
    We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company (or shareholders) from a financial point of view.
  Members of our management team and our independent directors and their affiliates will directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and private warrants following this offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Additionally, each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity, including other blank check companies similar to our company, pursuant to which such officer or director may be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Specifically, our executive officers are affiliated with our sponsor and other entities that make, or are looking to make, investments in companies. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive officers will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. For additional information regarding our executive officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and potential conflicts of interest, see “Management — Directors and Executive Officers” and “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, subject to fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
  Our Competitive Advantages
  Status as a Publicly Listed Company
  We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering. We believe that target businesses will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional initial public offering. During an initial public offering, there are typically expenses incurred in marketing, which would be costlier than a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our shareholders (if applicable) and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with shareholders’ interests than it would as a private company. A target business can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs.
  Strong Financial Position and Flexibility
  With a trust account initially in the amount of $50,000,000 (or $57,500,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), we can offer a target business a variety of options to facilitate a business combination and fund future expansion and growth of its business. This amount assumes no redemptions. Because we are able to consummate a business combination using the cash proceeds from this offering, our share capital, debt or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use an efficient structure allowing us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to address the needs of the parties. However, if a business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay for the purchase price, we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing. Accordingly, our flexibility in structuring a business combination may be subject to these constraints.
  63 
    Effecting our initial business combination
  General
  We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private units, our shares, new debt, or a combination of these, as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to consummate our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
  If our initial business combination is paid for using shares or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the purchase price in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our ordinary shares, we may apply the cash released to us from the trust account that is not applied to the purchase price for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of acquired businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in consummating our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
  We have not identified any acquisition target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any discussions, directly or indirectly, to identify any acquisition target. From the date of our formation through the date of this prospectus, there have been no communications or discussions between any of our officers, directors or our sponsor and any of their contacts or relationships regarding a potential initial business combination with our company. Subject to the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, we have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, this assessment may not result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.
  We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would consummate such financing only simultaneously with the consummation of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or the rules of Nasdaq, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.
  Sources of Target Businesses
  We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings that will not commence until after the completion of this offering. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting.
  64 
    Our officers and directors, as well as their respective affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will any of our existing officers, directors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination (regardless of the type of transaction). Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate.
  We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company (or shareholders) from a financial point of view.
  Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination
  Subject to the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only consummate an initial business combination in which we become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes as discussed below) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
  In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties.
  The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination.
  65 
    Fair market value of target business or businesses
  Nasdaq rules provide that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. If our securities are not listed on Nasdaq after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on Nasdaq at the time of our initial business combination.
  We anticipate structuring our initial business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interest or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination to acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business, but we will only consummate such business combination if we will become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act. Even though we will own a majority interest in the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
  The fair market value of a target business or businesses or assets will be determined by our board of directors based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential gross margins, the values of comparable businesses, earnings and cash flow, book value and, where appropriate, upon the advice of appraisers or other professional consultants. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine that the target business or assets has a sufficient fair market value to meet the threshold criterion, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criterion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless we consummate a business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders.
  Lack of business diversification
  For an indefinite period of time after consummation of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
  • subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and
  • cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
  Limited ability to evaluate the target’s management team
  Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to be correct. The future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. Consequently, members of our management team may not become a part of the target’s management team, and the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Further, it is also not certain whether one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination. Moreover, members of our management team may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Our key personnel may not remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
  66 
    Following our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We may not have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
  Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination
  In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the business combination and subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Unlike other blank check companies which require shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and related conversions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such initial business combination even when a vote is not required by law, we will have the flexibility to avoid such shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company.
  We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders may therefore have to wait 15 months from the closing of this offering in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account.
  Our initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to redeem any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination.
  None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or ordinary shares in this offering or from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a general meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination or to convert their shares, our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote or increase the likelihood of satisfying the necessary closing conditions to such transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock, shares or other equity securities.
  67 
    Redemption rights for public shareholders upon consummation of our initial business combination
  We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion their shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share, whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their right to receive liquidating distributions if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the requisite time period. However, if our initial shareholders or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquires public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period.
  Manner of Conducting Redemptions
  At any general meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their ordinary shares to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid.
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 20% or more of the shares sold in this offering. Such a public shareholder would still be entitled to vote against a proposed business combination with respect to all shares owned by him or his affiliates. We believe this restriction will prevent shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote held to approve a proposed business combination and attempt to use the redemption right as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then current market price. By limiting a shareholder’s ability to redeem no more than 20% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block a transaction which is favored by our other public shareholders.
  Our initial shareholders, officers and directors will not have redemption rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to this offering or purchased by them in this offering or in the aftermarket.
  We may require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination.
  There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to deliver their shares prior to a specified date. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise redemption rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated this may result in an increased cost to shareholders.
  68 
    Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to shareholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time the shareholder received our proxy statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his redemption rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the shareholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his shares are held in “street name,” in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. Please see the risk factor titled “In connection with any general meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for redemption that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights” for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements.
  Any request to redeem such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of public shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their redemption and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
  If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders.
  Permitted purchases of our securities by our affiliates
  If we seek shareholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial shareholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the consummation of our initial business combination. Such a purchase would include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial shareholders, directors, officers or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. Although very unlikely, our initial shareholders, officers, directors and their affiliates could purchase sufficient shares so that the initial business combination may be approved without the majority vote of public shares held by non-affiliates.
  The purpose of such purchases would be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (2) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of the business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the consummation of an initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
  As a consequence of any such purchases, the public “float” of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain the listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange following consummation of a business combination.
  69 
    Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination
  We must complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the allotted time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and prior to any voluntary winding up, although at all times subject to the Companies Act.
  Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable period from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial shareholders, or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination within the allotted time period.
  If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.00 (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. The actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00, plus interest (net of any taxes payable, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses).
  Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, nor will the underwriters of this offering.
  If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. Other than as described above, none of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations. We therefore believe it is unlikely our sponsor would be able to satisfy its indemnity obligations if it was required to do so. However, we believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account.
  70 
    In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy any applicable obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action to enforce such indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf to enforce such indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, due to claims of creditors, the actual value of the per-share redemption price may be less than $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full).
  If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a “preferential transfer”, a “fraudulent conveyance”, a “fraud in anticipation of winding up”, a “transaction in fraud of creditors” or a “misconduct in the course of winding up”. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
  Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of a redemption of the public shares prior to any winding up in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination within the allotted time period, (ii) if they redeem their shares in connection with an initial business combination that we consummate or (iii) if they redeem their shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity. In no other circumstances shall a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above.
  Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419
  The following table compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419. This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering.
  71 
        Terms of Our Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds   $50,000,000 of the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private units will be deposited into a trust account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee.   Approximately $43,200,000 of the offering proceeds, representing the gross proceeds of this offering, less allowable underwriting commissions, expenses and company deductions under Rule 419 would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
          Investment of net proceeds   $50,000,000 of the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private units will held in trust will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act and which invest solely in U.S. Treasuries.   Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
          Receipt of interest on
escrowed funds   Interest on proceeds from the trust account to be paid to shareholders is reduced by any taxes paid or payable and up to $50,000 payable for dissolution expenses.   Interest on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to us in connection with our consummation of a business combination.
          Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business   Our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination.   The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
          Trading of securities issued   The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units will begin to trade separately on the 52nd day after the date of this prospectus unless Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, provided we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the proceeds of this offering.   No trading of the units or the underlying ordinary shares or warrants would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
          Exercise of the warrants   The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination and, accordingly, will be exercised only after the trust account has been terminated and distributed.   The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account.
  72 
    Election to remain an investor   We will either (1) give our shareholders the opportunity to vote on the business combination or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their ordinary shares to us in a tender offer for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less taxes. If we hold a general meeting to approve a proposed business combination, we will send each shareholder a proxy statement containing information required by the SEC. Alternatively, if we do not hold a meeting and instead conduct a tender offer, we will conduct such tender offer in accordance with the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as we would have included in a proxy statement.   A prospectus containing information pertaining to the business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post-effective amendment to the company’s registration statement, to decide if he, she or it elects to remain a shareholder of the company or require the return of his, her or its investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the shareholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the securities are issued.
          Business combination deadline   If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by 15 months from the closing of this offering, we will, as soon as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, any interest released to us for our working capital requirements and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and prior to any voluntary winding up.   If an acquisition has not been consummated within 18 months after the effective date of the company’s registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors.
          Release of funds   Except for interest earned on the funds in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier: (1) of the completion of our initial business combination within the required time period; (2) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination in the required time period; and (3) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption rights or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity.   The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and the failure to effect our initial business combination within the allotted time.
  73 
      Competition
  In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups, venture capital funds leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the value of the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination.
  Facilities
  We currently maintain our executive offices at Suite A-2F, 555 Shihui Road, Songjiang District, Shanghai China 201100. Such space, utilities and secretarial and administrative services will be provided to us free of charge by our sponsor. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
  Employees
  We currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
  74
    Periodic Reporting and Financial Information
  We will register our units, ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
  We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements must be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS and the historical financial statements must be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and consummate our initial business combination within our 15 month time frame.
  We will be required to have our internal control procedures evaluated for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
  Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
  Legal Proceedings
  There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus.
  75
    MANAGEMENT
  Our directors, director nominees and executive officers are as follows:
  Name   Age     Position
Bill Chen     55     Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Nominee
Laura Li     43     Chief Financial Officer and Director Nominee
H. David Sherman     72     Director Nominee
Jianzhong Lu     66     Director Nominee
Yan Zhu     57     Director Nominee
  Deyin (Bill) Chen has been our Chief Executive Officer since January 6, 2021, and will also serve as our Chairman upon the closing of this offering. Mr. Chen has a mixed background of engineering, finance, and operation management across industries and continents. Mr. Chen has been an independent advisor for merger and acquisition and equity transactions since August 2015. Since February 2020, Mr. Chen has served as a Special Advisor for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC), a special purpose acquisition company that is in the process of completing a business combination with Nuvve Corporation. Since May 2017, Mr. Chen has served as Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai Renaissance Investment Management Co. Ltd., a licensed private equity firm in China that he founded. From March 2014 to August 2015, Mr. Chen served as Executive Vice President of Sanpower Group, a private conglomerate based in China, where he was in charge of cross-border merger and acquisition and post-merger integration. From January 2011 to January 2014, Mr. Chen served as Vice President of Strategy and Global Investment of JA Solar, a vertically integrated solar products manufacturing company based in China. From February 2005 to October 2010, Mr. Chen served as a Partner of BDO Capital Advisors and its affiliates in China with a focus on cross-border merger and acquisition and equity transactions. From June 2001 to August 2004, Mr. Chen served as a Senior Business Advisor to Capgemini, a consulting company based in Toronto Canada. From November 2000 to May 2001, Mr. Chen served as a Senior Financial Analyst in IBM Global Services in Toronto Canada. From December 1997 to November 2000, Mr. Chen served as a Staff Accountant in the General Accounting Department of Ashland Inc. Prior to his career in accounting and finance, Mr. Chen was an engineer and project manager in China from July 1987 to August 1993.
  Chen (Laura) Li will serve as our Chief Financial Officer and as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Since August 2017, Ms. Li has served as CFO of Shanghai Renaissance Investment Management Co. Ltd., a licensed private equity firm in China where she has conducted numerous financial and risk assessments for equity investments in the private market. From January 2016 to January 2017, Ms. Li served as Director of Operations and Finance for Shanghai Zhaoxi Investment Management Co. Ltd., a private equity firm. From March 2014 to December 2015, Ms. Li served as Senior Manager of Financial Analysis at Financial Management Department of GCL Group, a leading renewable products manufacturing company, where she contributed in the implementation of restructuring and listing projects. From November 2011 to February 2014, Ms. Li served as Investment Manager in JA Solar. From November 2006 to November 2010, Ms. Li served as an analyst at the Shanghai office and then the Beijing office of NERA Economic Consulting. From September 2004 to November 2006, Ms. Li served as Finance Manager at ASE Group, a semiconductor manufacturing company. Ms. Li is a Certified Public Accountant in China, and she is also a CFA Charter holder.
  H. David Sherman, MBA, DBA, CPA will serve as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Since 1985, Dr. Sherman has been a professor at Northeastern University, specializing in, among other areas, financial and management accounting, global financial statement analysis and contemporary accounting issues. Since January 2014, Professor Sherman has served as Trustee and Chair of the Finance Committee for the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, the oldest English language acting school in the world. Since July 2010, he has also served as a Board member and Treasurer for D-Tree International, a non-profit organization that develops and supports electronic clinical protocols to enable health care workers worldwide to deliver high quality care. Since September 2019, Dr. Sherman has served as an independent board member for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC). Dr. Sherman previously served on the board and as audit committee chair for Dunxin Financial Holdings Ltd. (AMEX:DXF), a financial service company, Kingold Jewelry Inc. (NASDAQ: KGJI), a designer and manufacturer of gold jewelry related products, China HGS Real Estate Inc. (NASDAQ: HGSH), a real estate company, Agfeed Corporation, a manufacturing company of agricultural products, and China Growth Alliance, Ltd., a business acquisition company formed to acquire an operating business in China. Dr. Sherman was previously on the faculty of the Sloan School of Management at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and also, among other academic appointments, held an adjunct professorship at Tufts Medical School and was a visiting professor at Harvard Business School (2015). From 2004 to 2005, Dr. Sherman was an Academic Fellow at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in the Division of Corporate Finance’s Office of Chief Accountant. Dr. Sherman is a Certified Public Accountant and previously practiced with Coopers & Lybrand. Dr. Sherman’s research has been published in management and academic journals including Harvard Business Review, Sloan Management Review, Accounting Review and European Journal of Operations Research.
  76
    Jinzhong Lu will serve as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Mr. Lu has extensive experience working with listed companies, including auditing, internal control, risk management and budget management. Since August 2019, Mr. Lu has served as an independent board member and chair of the audit committee for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC). Since October 2016, Mr. Lu has served as certified public accountant at Dahua Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd. From June 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Lu was a Partner of Zhongxinghua Accounting Firm. From October 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Lu served as Marketing Director of Shanghai branch of Daxin Accounting Firm. From July 2012 to September 2013, Mr. Lu served as Partner of Shanghai De’an Accounting Firm. From September 1997 to June 2012, Mr. Lu served as a Partner in the Audit Department of Pricewaterhousecoopers Zhongtian Accounting Firm. From September 1986 to August 1997, Mr. Lu served as a Lecturer and Associate Professor in the Finance and Accounting Department of Shanghai Maritime University. From December 1982 to August 1986, Mr. Lu worked as an accountant in the financial department of Shanghai Daily Hardware Industry Company. From August 2016 to October 2017, Mr. Lu was an external expert of Asset Securitization Research Group of the Development Research Center of the State Council of PRC. From October 2014 to May 2015, he was a member of the expert group of the Evaluation and Assessment of Economic Indicators of State-owned Enterprises at the Ministry of Finance in the People’s Republic of China. Mr. Lu is a Certified Public Account in China.
  Yan Zhu, Ph.D will serve as a Director upon the closing of this offering. Dr. Zhu has extensive expertise in both biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries in drug discovery and development. He has broad experience relating to drug discovery in various therapeutic areas, diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular, infectious disease and cancer. He also has extensive experience in drug development with management of number of preclinical and clinical development candidates. Since December 2013, Dr. Zhu has served as Vice President of Operation, Chemistry Service, and Head of Business Development in Japan for WuxiAppTec Co. Ltd, a CRO company. From March 2011 to November 2013, Dr. Zhu served as Director of Medicinal Chemistry Research Laboratories, Pharmaceutical Research Division of Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd in Japan. From August 2008 to March 2011, Dr. Zhu served as Associate Director of Chemistry in Eli Lilly & Company. From August 2007 to August 2008, Dr. Zhu served as Associate Director of Chemistry in Poniard Pharmaceuticals in San Francisco. From February 2001 to August 2007, Dr. Zhu served as Project Leader and Senior Scientist in Metabolex Inc. in Hayward California. From November 1998 to February 2001, Dr. Zhu served as a Research Scientist of Medicinal Chemistry at Theravance Inc., a biopharma company based in San Francisco. From June 1997 to November 1998, Dr. Zhu served as a Research Scientist in the Department of Bioorganic Chemistry in Genentech Inc., a biotechnology company based in San Francisco. Dr. Zhu is a member of American Chemical Society, Division of Organic Chemistry and Medicine Chemistry. Dr. Zhu is also a member of American Diabetes Association.
  Director Independence
  Nasdaq requires that a majority of our board must be composed of “independent directors,” which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
  Upon the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, Jianzhong Lu, David Sherman and Yan Zhu will be our independent directors. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Any affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Any affiliated transactions must be approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors.
  77
    Executive Officer and Director Compensation
  No compensation will be paid to our initial shareholders, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our independent directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or our or their affiliates.
  After the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommenced, to the board of directors for determination, either by a committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.
  We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
  Audit Committee
  Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors. Jianzhong Lu, David Sherman and Yan Zhu will serve as members of our audit committee. Jianzhong Lu will chair the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee all of whom must be independent. Jianzhong Lu, David Sherman and Yan Zhu are independent.
  Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules.
  Responsibilities of the audit committee include:
  • the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;
  • pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures;
  • reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;
  • setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm;
  • setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
  78
    • obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing the independent auditor’s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;
  • reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and
  • reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.
  Compensation Committee
  Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, and subject to the requirement of law or the Nasdaq market rules, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our Compensation Committee will be Jianzhong Lu, David Sherman and Yan Zhu. David Sherman will chair the compensation committee. We will adopt a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
  • reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation in executive session at which the Chief Executive Officer is not present;
  • reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other officers;
  • reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;
  • implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
  • assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
  • approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;
  • producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
  • reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
  The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.
  79
    Director Nominations
  Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish a nominating committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Jianzhong Lu, David Sherman and Yan Zhu, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. Jianzhong Lu will chair the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others.
  Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees
  The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated:
  • should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;
  • should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and
  • should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.
  The Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.
  Code of Conduct and Ethics
  We have adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. We will file a copy of our form of Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information.”
  Conflicts of Interest
  Potential investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest:
  • None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities.
  • In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
  • Our initial shareholders purchased founder shares prior to the date of this prospectus and our sponsor will purchase the private units in transactions that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their right to liquidating distributions with respect to its founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private units will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private units will expire worthless.
  80
    • Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
  Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:
  (i) duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;
  (ii) duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;
  (iii) directors should not properly fetter the exercise of future discretion;
  (iv) duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;
  (v) duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and
  (vi) duty to exercise independent judgment.
  In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director.
  As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.
  Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. Furthermore, each of our officers and directors currently has and may in the future have fiduciary obligations to other businesses, including other blank check companies similar to our company, of which they are now or may in the future be officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to which they owe fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary obligations. Accordingly, it is possible they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe fiduciary obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities.
  In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any fiduciary or contractual obligations he might have.
  81
    Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations which will take priority over us.
  Individual   Entity
Bill Chen   Shanghai Renaissance Investment Management Co. Ltd.
      Laura Li   Shanghai Renaissance Investment Management Co. Ltd.
      Jianzhong Lu   Dahua Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd.
      Yan Zhu   Wuxi AppTec Co. Ltd.
  In addition to the foregoing, certain of our officers and directors are officers and/or directors of Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC), a special purpose acquisition company that is in the process of completing a business combination with Nuvve Corporation. If the business combination between Newborn and Nuvve Corporation is not consummated for any reason, such individuals will have a continuing obligation to Newborn Acquisition Corp.
  To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our initial shareholders, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the business combination is fair to our company (or shareholders) from a financial point of view. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, subject to fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
  Our officers and directors, as well as our initial shareholders, have agreed (i) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (ii) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or any amendment to our charter documents prior to the consummation of our initial business combination or sell any shares to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination.
  Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, subject to certain limitations, the company shall indemnify its directors and officers against all expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful. The decision of the directors as to whether the person acted honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company and as to whether the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful and is, in the absence of fraud, sufficient for the purposes of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, unless a question of law is involved. The termination of any proceedings by any judgment, order, settlement, conviction or the entering of a nolle prosequi does not, by itself, create a presumption that the person did not act honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company or that the person had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
  We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association also will permit us to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer or director who at the request of the Company is or was serving as a director or officer of, or in any other capacity is or was acting for, another company or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against the person and incurred by the person in that capacity, whether or not the company has or would have had the power to indemnify the person against the liability as provided in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.
  These provisions may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
  82
    We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
  Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is theretofore unenforceable.
  83
    PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS
  The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our ordinary shares included in the units offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of units in this offering, by:
  • each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares;
  • each of our officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and
  • all our officers and directors as a group.
  Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of warrants, including the private units, as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus.
      Prior to Offering     After Offering(2)  
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)   Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership     Approximate Percentage
of Issued and outstanding ordinary shares(3)     Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership     Approximate Percentage
of Issued and outstanding ordinary shares  
RedOne Investment Limited(3)     844,186       58.73 %     728,857       11.66 %
Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund(4)     191,977       13.35 %     166,936       2.67 %
CR Financial Holdings, Inc.(5)     71,876       5.00 %     62,501       1.00 %
John Lipman(6)     71,875       5.00 %     62,500       1.00 %
Bill Chen(3)     844,186       58.73 %     728,857       11.66 %
Laura Li     5,000       *       5,000       *  
H. David Sherman     20,000       1.39 %     20,000       *  
Jianzhong Lu     5,000       *       5,000       *  
Yan Zhu     10,000       *       10,000       *  
All directors and officers (5 individuals) as a group     1,219,914       85.01 %     1,060,794       16.97 %
  * Less than one percent.
  (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is Suite A-2F, 555 Shihui Road, Songjiang District, Shanghai, China 201100.
  (2) Assumes (i) no exercise of the over-allotment option and (ii) an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares have been forfeited by our initial shareholders as a result thereof.
  (3) Represents shares held by our sponsor. Mr. Chen has voting and dispositive power over the shares held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Chen disclaims any beneficial ownership of the shares held by our sponsor, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
  (4) The business address of Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund is 401 Bay Street, Suite 1900, Toronto, Ontario M5H 2Y4, Canada.
  (5) Byron Roth and Gordon Roth have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by CR Financial Holdings, Inc.The business address of CR Financial Holdings, Inc. is 1601 Washington Avenue, #320, Miami Beach, FL 33139.
  (6) Mr. Lipman’s business address is 222 South 9th Street, Suite 350, Minneapolis, MN 55402.
   84
    Immediately after this offering (without the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), our initial shareholders will beneficially own 20% of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering). Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the appointment of directors, amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions.
  To the extent the underwriters do not exercise the over-allotment option, up to an aggregate of 187,500 founder shares held by our initial shareholders will be subject to forfeiture. Our sponsor will be required to forfeit only a number of founder shares necessary to maintain our initial shareholders’ 20% ownership interest in our ordinary shares (assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering) after giving effect to the offering and without giving effect to the exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
  Subject to certain limited exceptions, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
  During the lock-up period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) to our officers, directors, shareholders, employees and members of our sponsor and their affiliates, (2) if a holder is an entity, as a distribution to its, partners, shareholders or members upon its liquidation, (3) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder’s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a holder or a member of a holder’s immediate family, for estate planning purposes, (4) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (5) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (6) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases of our securities, (7) by private sales at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (8) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, in each case (except for clause 8 or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the insider letter. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founder shares.
  Our initial shareholders have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 250,000 private units (or up to 268,750 private units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at $10.00 per unit. Such purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. The private units are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in this offering except the private units will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial shareholders or their permitted transferees. The holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units until after the completion of our initial business combination.
  85
    Registration Rights
  Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the founder shares, the private units and the underlying private shares and private warrants, and the units issuable upon conversion of working capital loans and the underlying ordinary shares and warrants, pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the date of this prospectus. The holders of such securities are entitled to demand that we register these securities at any time after we consummate an initial business combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any holder that is affiliated with an underwriter participating in this offering may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights on registration statements filed after our consummation of a business combination; provided that any holder that is affiliated with an underwriter participating in this offering may participate in a “piggy-back” registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  Prior to this offering, we issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares (up to 187,500 of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised) to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. Our sponsor thereafter transferred certain shares to our independent directors for the same price paid for such shares.
  If the underwriters determine the size of the offering should be increased (including pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act) or decreased, a share dividend or a contribution back to capital, as applicable, would be effectuated in order to maintain our initial shareholders’ ownership at a percentage of the number of shares to be sold in this offering.
  Subject to certain limited exceptions, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
  Our initial shareholders have committed to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 private units (or up to 268,750 private units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $10.00 per unit in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units and underlying ordinary shares until after the completion of our initial business combination.
  We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
  Other than reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to our sponsor, officers or directors, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior to or with respect to our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Our independent directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will be responsible for reviewing and approving all related party transactions as defined under Item 404 of Regulation S-K, after reviewing each such transaction for potential conflicts of interests and other improprieties.
  86
    As of the date of this prospectus, our sponsor advanced us, pursuant to a promissory note, a total of $450,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. The loan is, at the discretion of the sponsor, due on the earlier of December 31, 2021, the consummation of this offering or the abandonment of this offering. The promissory note will be payable without interest. The promissory note will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us for payment of offering expenses.
  In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers and directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. In the event that we are unable to consummate an initial business combination, we may use a portion of the offering proceeds held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. If we consummate an initial business combination, the notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 50,000 units if the full amount of notes are issued and converted).
  After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
  All ongoing and future transactions between us and any member of our management team or his or her respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us at that time, based upon other similar arrangements known to us, to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. It is our intention to obtain estimates from unaffiliated third parties for similar goods or services to ascertain whether such transactions with affiliates are on terms that are no less favorable to us than are otherwise available from such unaffiliated third parties. If a transaction with an affiliated third party were found to be on terms less favorable to us than with an unaffiliated third party, we would not engage in such transaction.
  We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company (or shareholders) from a financial point of view.
  We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private units, among other securities, which is described under the heading “Principal Shareholders — Registration Rights.”
  87
    DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
  As of the date of this prospectus, we will be authorized to issue 500,000,000 ordinary shares, par value of US$0.0001 per share. As of the date of this prospectus, 1,437,500 ordinary shares are issued and outstanding. The following description summarizes the material terms of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the form of warrant agreement, which are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and to the applicable provisions of Cayman Islands law.
  Public Units
  Each unit consists of one ordinary share and three-quarters of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share exercisable at $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus.
  In no event will the ordinary shares and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private units. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes this audited balance sheet upon the consummation of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days after the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
  Private Units
  The private units (including the private warrants or private shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described herein). Otherwise, the private units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants, so long as they are held by the initial shareholders (and/or our designees) or their permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us (except as described herein), (ii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iii) will be entitled to registration rights.
  Ordinary Shares
  As of the date of this prospectus, there were 1,437,500 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were held of record by our sponsor. This includes an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full so that our initial shareholders will own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering).
  Our shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective ordinary shares owned by them immediately prior to this offering and any shares purchased in this offering or following this offering in the open market in favor of the proposed business combination.
  We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation and, solely if a vote is held to approve a business combination, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company.
  Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares eligible to vote for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings or appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
  88
    Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not consummate a business combination by 15 months from the consummation of this offering, we will redeem 100% of the public shares sold in this offering. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution from the trust account with respect to their founders’ shares upon our winding up, dissolution and liquidation. They will, however, participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to any ordinary shares acquired in, or following, this offering.
  Our shareholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that public shareholders have the right to sell their shares to us in a tender offer or have their ordinary shares redeemed for cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination in connection with such business combination and the business combination is completed. Public shareholders who sell or redeem their shares for their share of the trust account still have the right to exercise the warrants that they received as part of the units.
  Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there shall be entered therein:
  (a) the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of the shares;
  (b) whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue;
  (c) the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and
  (d) the date on which any person ceased to be a member.
  Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register of members shall be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members shall be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name.
  However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court.
  Private shares
  Except as described in this section, the private shares have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the ordinary shares being sold as part of the units in this offering.
  89
    The private shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of our initial business combination. The initial shareholders has agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their private shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their private shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their private shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering. With respect to the private shares held by the underwriters, such shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA’s Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), the underwriters’ securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners.
  Public warrants
  No warrants are currently outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination. However, no public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the issuance of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the issuance of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days from the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of our initial business combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time or earlier redemption.
  In addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders’ shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
  We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants, in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant):
  • at any time while the warrants are exercisable,
  • upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder,
  • if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and
  • if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.
  90
    The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant.
  The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants.
  If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. For example, if a holder held 150 warrants to purchase 150 shares and the fair market value on the trading date prior to exercise was $15.00, that holder would receive 35 shares without the payment of any additional cash consideration. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis” will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances.
  The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
  The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices.
  The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
  Except as described above, no public warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the ordinary shares have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the ordinary shares is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless.
  91
    Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% of the ordinary shares outstanding.
  No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder, and the fractional interest will be canceled. Therefore, you must separate your units in multiples of four to not have any fractional warrants canceled.
  Private warrants
  Except as described in this section, the private warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering.
  The private warrants (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described herein) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial shareholders or their permitted transferees. The initial shareholders, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private warrants on a cashless basis. If the private warrants are held by holders other than the initial shareholders or their permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us for cash and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. With respect to the private warrants held by the underwriters, for so long as such warrants are held by the underwriters, such warrants will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i).
  If holders of the private warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” of our ordinary shares (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” will mean the average closing price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial shareholders or their permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information.
  Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.
  Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private warrants (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except as described herein.
  Dividends
  We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.
  92
    Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent
  The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.
  CERTAIN DIFFERENCES IN CORPORATE LAW
  Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders.
  Mergers and Similar Arrangements
  In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction).
  Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 2/3 in value of the voting shares voted at a shareholder meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company’s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90% of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation.
  Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted.
  Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived, (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company, and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation.
  93
    Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree to the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company.
  Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances. Schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a “scheme of arrangement” which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or an extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the general meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that:
  • we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with;
  • the shareholders have been fairly represented at the general meeting in question;
  • the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and
  • the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a “fraud on the minority.”
  If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations, providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares.
   94
    Squeeze-out Provisions
  When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90% of the shares to whom the offer is made within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders.
  Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business.
  Shareholders’ Suits
  Harney Westwood & Riegels, our Cayman Islands counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which:
  • a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;
  • the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or
  • those who control the company are perpetrating a “fraud on the minority.”
  A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.
  Enforcement of civil liabilities
  The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States.
  We have been advised by Harney Westwood & Riegels, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.
   95
    Special Considerations for Exempted Companies
  We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below:
  • annual reporting requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted its operations mainly outside of the Cayman Islands and has complied with the provisions of the Companies Law;
  • an exempted company’s register of members is not open to inspection;
  • an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;
  • an exempted company may issue negotiable or bearer shares or shares with no par value;
  • an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance);
  • an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands;
  • an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and
  • an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.
  “Limited liability” means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).
   96
    AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to this offering that will apply to us until the consummation of a business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company’s articles of association) of a company’s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a shareholder meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company’s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company’s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. The following are the material rights and protections contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:
  • the right of public shareholders to exercise redemption rights and have their public shares repurchased in lieu of participating in a proposed business combination (up to a maximum of 20% of the public shares sold in this offering);
  • a prohibition against completing a business combination unless we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination;
  • a requirement that if we seek shareholder approval of any business combination, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted must be voted in favor of such business combination;
  • the separation of our board of directors into three classes and the establishment of related procedures regarding the standing and appointment of such directors;
  • a requirement that directors may call general meetings on their own accord and are required to call an extraordinary general meeting if holders of not less than 10% in par value of the issued shares request such a general meeting;
  • a requirement that our management take all actions necessary to liquidate our trust account in the event we do not consummate a business combination by 15 months from the consummation of this offering;
  • a prohibition, prior to a business combination, against our issuing (i) any ordinary shares or any securities convertible into ordinary shares or (ii) any other securities (including preference shares) which participate in or are otherwise entitled in any manner to any of the proceeds in the trust account or which vote as a class with the ordinary shares on a business combination; and
  • the limitation on shareholders’ rights to receive a portion of the trust account.
  Although  we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. The foregoing is set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and cannot be amended.
   97
    ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING — CAYMAN ISLANDS
  In order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering, counter financing of terrorism and proliferation financing (together the “AML/CFT”) we are required to adopt and maintain inter alia policies and procedures, and may require subscribers to provide evidence to identify and verify their identity, the identity of their beneficial owners/controllers and source of funds. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we may also delegate the maintenance of our AML/CFT policies and procedures (including the acquisition, maintenance and review of due diligence information) to a suitable person.
  We reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In some cases, the directors may be satisfied that no further information is required since an exemption applies under the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, as amended and revised from time to time (the “Regulations”). Depending on the circumstances of each application, a detailed identification and verification of identity might not be required where:
  (a) the subscriber makes the payment for their investment from an account held in the subscriber’s name at a recognized financial institution;
  (b) the subscriber is regulated by a recognized overseas regulatory authority and where such authority is based or incorporated in, or formed under the law of, a recognized jurisdiction; or
  (c) the application is made through an intermediary which is regulated by a recognized overseas regulatory authority and where such authority is based in or incorporated in, or formed under the law of a recognized jurisdiction and an assurance is provided in relation to the procedures undertaken on the underlying investors.
  For the purposes of these exceptions, recognition of a financial institution, recognized overseas regulatory authority or jurisdiction will be determined in accordance with the Regulations by reference to those jurisdictions recognized by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority as having equivalent laws, rules, regulations and regulatory guidance similar to the Cayman Islands AML/CFT regime.
  In the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for identification and verification purposes, we may refuse to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally debited.
  We also reserve the right to refuse to make any payment to a shareholder if our directors or officers suspect or are advised that the payment to such shareholder may be non-compliant with applicable anti-money laundering or other laws or regulations, or if such refusal is considered necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or regulations in any applicable jurisdiction.
  If any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or is involved with terrorism or terrorist property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report will not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.
   98
    DATA PROTECTION — CAYMAN ISLANDS
  We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (the “DPA”) based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy.
  Privacy Notice
  Introduction
  This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA (“personal data”).
  In the following discussion, the “Company” refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise.
  Investor Data
  We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data.
  In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a “data controller” for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our “data processors” for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us.
  We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder’s investment activity.
  Who this Affects
  If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content.
  How the Company May Use a Shareholder’s Personal Data
  The Company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular:
  (i) where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements;
  (ii) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or
   99
    (iii) where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms.
  Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you.
  Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data
  In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign regulatory authorities, including tax authorities.
  We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf.
  The Data Protection Measures We Take
  Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA.
  We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data.
  We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates.
   100
    SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE
  Immediately after this offering, we will have 6,500,000 (or 7,456,250 if the over-allotment is exercised in full) ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Of these shares, the 5,000,000 (or 5,750,000 if the over-allotment is exercised in full) shares sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 1,500,000 shares (or 1,706,250 if the over-allotment is exercised in full) and the private units are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.
  Rule 144
  Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.
  Persons who have beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares and warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:
  • 1% of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which will equal 65,000 shares immediately after this offering (or 74,563 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or
  • the average weekly reported trading volume of the ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
  Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
  Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
  Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:
  • the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
  • the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
  • the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and
  • at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
  As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell their founder shares and private units, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.
   101
    Registration Rights
  Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on the date of this prospectus, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register for resale the founder shares, the private units and the underlying private shares and private warrants, and the units issuable upon conversion of working capital loans and the underlying ordinary shares and warrants. The holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any holder that is affiliated with an underwriter participating in this offering may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights on registration statements filed after our consummation of a business combination; provided that any holder that is affiliated with an underwriter participating in this offering may participate in a “piggy-back” registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
  Listing of Securities
  We have applied to list our units, ordinary shares and warrants on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “LAAAU,” “LAAA,” and “LAAAW,” respectively. We anticipate that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. Following the date the ordinary shares and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the ordinary shares and warrants will be listed separately and as a unit on Nasdaq.
   102
    TAXATION
  The following summary of certain material Cayman Islands and U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our units, ordinary shares and warrants to acquire our ordinary shares, sometimes referred to individually or collectively in this summary as our “securities,” is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this prospectus, all of which are subject to change. This summary does not deal with all possible tax consequences relating to an investment in our securities, such as the tax consequences under state, local and other tax laws.
  Prospective investors should consult their advisors on the possible tax consequences of investing in our securities under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence or domicile.
  Cayman Islands Tax Considerations
  The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in the securities of our company. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor’s particular circumstances, and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands law.
  Under Existing Cayman Islands Laws
  Payments of dividends and capital in respect of our securities will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment of a dividend or capital to any holder of the securities nor will gains derived from the disposal of the securities be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporate tax. The Cayman Islands currently has no income, corporate or capital gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance tax or gift tax. No stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue of the warrants. An instrument of transfer in respect of a warrant is stampable if executed in or brought into the Cayman Islands.
  No stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue of our ordinary shares or on an instrument of transfer in respect of such shares.
  The company has been incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability and, as such, received an undertaking from the Financial Secretary of the Cayman Islands in the following form:
  The Tax Concessions Act
(2018 Revision)
  Undertaking as to Tax Concessions
  In accordance with the provision of Section 6 of The Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision), the Financial Secretary undertakes with Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp. (“the Company”):
  1. That no law which is hereafter enacted in the Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to the Company or its operations; and
  2. In addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable:
  2.1 On or in respect of the shares, debentures or other obligations of the Company; or 2.2 by way of the withholding in whole or part, of any relevant payment as defined in Section 6(3) of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision).
  These concessions shall be for a period of twenty years from the date hereof.
   103
    United States Federal Income Taxation
  General
  This section is a general summary of the United States federal income tax considerations relating to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our units (each consisting of one ordinary share and three-quarters of one warrant, which we refer to collectively as our “securities”) that are purchased in this offering by U.S. Holders (as defined below) and Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below). This section does not address any aspect of United States federal gift or estate tax, or the state, local or non-United States tax consequences of an investment in our units, ordinary shares and warrants, nor does it provide any actual representations as to any tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of our securities.
  Because the components of a unit generally are separable at the option of the holder, the holder of a unit generally should be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as the owner of the underlying ordinary share and warrant components of the unit, as the case may be. As a result, the discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences with respect to actual holders of ordinary shares and warrants should also apply to holders of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying ordinary shares and warrants that comprise the units).
  The discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences to “U.S. Holders” will apply to a beneficial owner of our securities who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
  • an individual citizen or resident of the United States;
  • a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
  • an estate whose income is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or
  • a trust if (i) a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person.
  If a beneficial owner of our securities is not described as a U.S. Holder and is not an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner will be considered a “Non-U.S. Holder.”
  Certain U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable specifically to Non-U.S. Holders are described below under the heading “Non-U.S. Holders.”
  This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect. These authorities are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.
  This discussion assumes that the ordinary shares and warrants will trade separately and does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder based on such holder’s individual circumstances. In particular, this discussion considers only holders that purchase our securities pursuant to this offering and own and hold our securities as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code, and does not address the potential application of the alternative minimum tax or the Medicare Tax on net investment income. In addition, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders that are subject to special rules, including:
  • financial institutions or financial services entities;
  • broker-dealers and traders in securities or foreign currencies;
   104
    • taxpayers that are subject to the mark-to-market accounting rules under Section 475 of the Code;
  • tax-exempt entities;
  • governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof;
  • insurance companies;
  • regulated investment companies;
  • real estate investment trusts;
  • grantor trusts;
  • expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States;
  • “passive foreign investment companies” or “controlled foreign corporations;”
  • persons that actually or constructively own 5 percent or more of our voting shares;
  • persons that acquired our securities pursuant to an exercise of employee share options, in connection with employee share incentive plans or otherwise as compensation;
  • persons that hold our securities as part of a straddle, constructive sale, hedging, conversion or other integrated or similar transaction; or
  • partnerships, S-corporations, or other entities or arrangements classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any beneficial owners of such entities; or
  • persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar.
  This discussion does not address any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as gift or estate tax laws, state, local or non-U.S. tax laws or, except as discussed herein, any tax reporting obligations of a holder of our securities. If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our securities, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. This discussion also assumes that any distributions made (or deemed made) by us on our ordinary shares and any consideration received (or deemed received) by a holder in consideration for the sale or other disposition of our securities will be in U.S. dollars.
  We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the descriptions herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion.
  THIS DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN OUR SECURITIES IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTOR OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS, AS WELL AS U.S. FEDERAL NON-INCOME TAX LAWS AND ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATIES.
   105
    Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit
  There is no authority directly addressing the treatment, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of securities with terms substantially the same as the units, and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. The acquisition of each unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the acquisition of an investment unit consisting of one ordinary share and three-quarters of one warrant. Each whole warrant is exercisable to acquire one of our ordinary shares. We intend to treat the acquisition of a unit in this manner and, by purchasing a unit, you must adopt such treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit generally must allocate the purchase price of a unit between the ordinary share and the three-quarters of one warrant that comprise the unit based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. The price allocated to each ordinary share and warrant generally will be the holder’s initial tax basis in such share or three-quarters of one warrant, as the case may be. Any disposition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a disposition of the ordinary share and three-quarters of one warrant comprising the unit, and the amount realized on the disposition should be allocated between the ordinary share and three-quarters of one warrant based on their respective relative fair market values at the time of disposition. The separation of the ordinary share and the three-quarters of one warrant comprising a unit should not be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
  The foregoing treatment of our ordinary shares and warrants and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the IRS or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each holder is advised to consult its own tax advisor regarding the risks associated with an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit) and regarding an allocation of the purchase price between the ordinary share and the three-quarters of one warrant that comprise a unit. The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units (and the components thereof) and any allocation of the purchase price of a unit as described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
  U.S. Holders
  Tax Reporting
  Certain U.S. Holders may be required to file an IRS Form 926 (Return by a U.S. Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation) to report a transfer of property (including cash) to us. Substantial penalties may be imposed on a U.S. Holder that fails to comply with this reporting requirement. Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult with its own tax advisor regarding this reporting obligation.
  Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares
  Subject to the passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income as dividends the amount of any cash or other property distribution paid on our ordinary shares. A cash or property distribution on such shares generally will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such dividends paid by us will be taxable to a corporate U.S. Holder at regular rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations.
  Distributions in excess of such earnings and profits generally will be applied against and reduce the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in its ordinary shares (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such tax basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such ordinary shares.
  With respect to non-corporate U.S. Holders, dividends may be subject to the lower applicable long-term capital gains tax rate (see “— Taxation on the Disposition of Ordinary Shares and Warrants” below) if our ordinary shares are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States and certain other requirements are met. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the lower rate for any dividends paid with respect to our ordinary shares.
  Possible Constructive Distributions
  The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events. An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. However, the U.S. Holders of the warrants would be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment increases the warrant holders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of ordinary shares that would be obtained upon exercise) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property to the holders of our ordinary shares which is taxable to such holders as a distribution. Such constructive distribution received by a U.S. Holder would be subject to tax in the same manner as if the U.S. Holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest. For certain information reporting purposes, we are required to determine the date and amount of any such constructive distributions. Recently proposed Treasury regulations, which we may rely on prior to the issuance of final regulations, specify how the date and amount of constructive distributions are determined.
   106
    Taxation on the Disposition of Securities
  Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our securities (which, in general, would include a redemption of ordinary shares, as discussed below, and including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period), and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the securities. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its securities generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s acquisition cost (that is, the portion of the purchase price of a unit allocated to an ordinary share or three-quarters of one warrant, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) reduced by any prior distributions treated as a return of capital. See “— Exercise or Lapse of a Warrant” below for a discussion regarding a U.S. Holder’s tax basis in an ordinary share acquired pursuant to the exercise of a warrant.
  The regular U.S. federal income tax rate on capital gains recognized by U.S. Holders generally is the same as the regular U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary income, except that under tax law currently in effect long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax at reduced rates. Capital gain or loss will constitute long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the securities exceeds one year. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the ordinary shares described in this prospectus may prevent a U.S. Holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements for this purpose. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to various limitations. U.S. Holders who recognize losses with respect to a disposition of our securities should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax treatment of such losses.
  Redemption of Ordinary Shares
  Subject to the PFIC rules described below, if a U.S. Holder converts ordinary shares into the right to receive cash pursuant to the exercise of a shareholder conversion right or sells its ordinary shares to us pursuant to a tender offer, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such conversion will be treated as a redemption and will be subject to the following rules. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of the ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code, the tax treatment of such redemption will be as described under “— Taxation on the Disposition of Securities” above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code, a U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving a distribution with the tax consequences described under “—Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares,” above. Whether redemption of our shares qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of our ordinary shares treated as held by such U.S. Holder (including any ordinary shares constructively owned by the U.S. Holder as a result of owning warrants) relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after such redemption. The redemption of ordinary shares generally will be treated as a sale or exchange of the ordinary shares (rather than as a distribution) if the receipt of cash upon the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to a U.S. Holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of such holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to such holder. These tests are explained more fully below.
  In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. Holder must take into account not only our ordinary shares actually owned by such holder, but also our ordinary shares that are constructively owned by such holder. A U.S. Holder may constructively own, in addition to our ordinary shares owned directly, ordinary shares owned by related individuals and entities in which such holder has an interest or that have an interest in such holder, as well as any ordinary shares such holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include ordinary shares which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of warrants. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our issued and outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by a U.S. Holder immediately following the redemption of our ordinary shares must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our issued and outstanding voting and ordinary shares actually and constructively owned by such holder immediately before the redemption. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. Holder’s interest if either (i) all of our ordinary shares actually and constructively owned by such U.S. Holder are converted or (ii) all of our ordinary shares actually owned by such U.S. Holder are converted and such holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives, in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of shares owned by family members and such holder does not constructively own any other shares of ours. The redemption of the ordinary shares will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if such redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority shareholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of an exercise of the redemption right.
   107
    If none of the foregoing tests are satisfied, then the redemption will be treated as a distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “— Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis a U.S. Holder has in the converted ordinary shares will be added to the adjusted tax basis in such holder’s remaining ordinary shares. If there are no remaining ordinary shares, a U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors as to the allocation of any remaining basis.
  Exercise or Lapse of a Warrant
  Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will not recognize gain or loss upon the acquisition of an ordinary share from the exercise of a warrant for cash. An ordinary share acquired pursuant to the exercise of a warrant for cash generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrant, increased by the amount paid to exercise the warrant. It is unclear whether the holding period of such ordinary share would begin on the day or the day after the exercise of the warrant but it would not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the warrant. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the warrant.
  The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the exercise is not a realization event or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either tax-free situation, a U.S. Holder’s basis in the ordinary shares received generally would equal the holder’s basis in the warrant exchanged therefor. If the cashless exercise were treated as not being a realization event, it is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period in the ordinary shares would be treated as commencing on the day of or the day following the date of exercise of the warrant. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the ordinary shares would include the holding period of the warrants exchanged therefor.
  It is also possible that a cashless exercise could be treated as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a U.S. Holder could be deemed to have surrendered warrants equal to the number of ordinary shares having an aggregate fair market value equal to the exercise price for the total number of warrants to be exercised. The U.S. Holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the ordinary shares received in respect of the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed surrendered. In this case, a U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the ordinary shares received would equal the sum of the U.S. Holder’s initial investment in the warrants exercised (i.e., the portion of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the units that is allocated to the warrant component, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price of such warrants. It is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares would commence on the date of exercise of the warrant or the day following the date of exercise of the warrant.
  Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, including when a U.S. Holder’s holding period would commence with respect to the ordinary shares received, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise of the warrants.
  Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules
  A foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes if at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any entity in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the interests by value, is passive income. Alternatively, a foreign corporation will be a PFIC if at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year, ordinarily determined based on fair market value and averaged quarterly over the year, including its pro rata share of the assets of any entity in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the interests by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of passive assets.
   108
    Because we are a blank check company, with no current active business, we believe that it is likely that we will meet the PFIC asset or income test for our current taxable year. However, pursuant to a start-up exception, a corporation will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has gross income, if (1) no predecessor of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the IRS that it will not be a PFIC for either of the first two taxable years following the start-up year; and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years. The applicability of the start-up exception to us is uncertain and will not be known until after the close of our start-up year and, possibly, after the close of our two taxable years following our start-up year. After the acquisition of a company or assets in a business combination, we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending on the timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as the passive income and assets of the acquired business. If the company that we acquire in a business combination is a PFIC, then we will likely not qualify for the start-up exception and will be a PFIC for our current taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the startup exception, perhaps until after the end of our two taxable years following our startup year). Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any future taxable year.
  If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or warrants and, in the case of our ordinary shares, the U.S. Holder did not make a timely mark-to-market election or a qualified electing fund (“QEF”) election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) ordinary shares, or did not make a QEF election along with a deemed sale (or purging) election, as described below, such holder generally will be subject to special rules with respect to:
  • any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of its ordinary shares or warrants; and
  • any “excess distribution” made to the U.S. Holder (generally, any distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of the ordinary shares during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares).
  Under these rules,
  • the U.S. Holder’s gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares or warrants;
  • the amount allocated to the U.S. Holder’s taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the U.S. Holder’s holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income;
  • the amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and
  • the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed in respect of the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder.
  In general, if we are determined to be a PFIC, a U.S. Holder may be able to avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our ordinary shares (but not our warrants) by making a timely and valid QEF election (if eligible to do so) (or a QEF election along with a purging election) to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a current basis, in each case whether or not distributed, in the taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends if we are treated as a PFIC for that taxable year. A U.S. Holder generally may make a separate election to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any such taxes will be subject to an interest charge.
   109
    A U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with respect to its warrants to acquire our ordinary shares. As a result, if a U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants (other than upon exercise of warrants), any gain recognized generally will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above, if we were a PFIC at any time during the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants. If a U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired ordinary shares (or has previously made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares), the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired ordinary shares, but the adverse tax consequences relating to PFIC shares, adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions resulting from the QEF election, will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired ordinary shares (which generally will be deemed to have a holding period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants), unless the U.S. Holder makes a purging election under the PFIC rules. The purging election creates a deemed sale of such shares at their fair market value.
  The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will increase the adjusted tax basis in the ordinary shares acquired upon the exercise of the warrants by the gain recognized and will also have a new holding period in such shares for purposes of the PFIC rules. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the application of the rules governing purging elections to their particular circumstances.
  The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and, once made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Information Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign Investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund), including the information provided in a PFIC Annual Information Statement, to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances.
  In order to comply with the requirements of a QEF election, a U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC Annual Information Statement from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder upon request such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election. However, there can be no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided.
  If a U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares, and the special tax and interest charge rules do not apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint pursuant to a purging election, as described above), any gain recognized on the sale of our ordinary shares generally will be taxable as capital gain and no interest charge will be imposed under the PFIC rules. As discussed above, U.S. Holders of a QEF are currently taxed on their pro rata shares of its earnings and profits, whether or not distributed. In such case, a subsequent distribution of such earnings and profits that were previously included in income generally should not be taxable as a dividend to such U.S. Holders. The tax basis of a U.S. Holder’s shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income, and decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends, under the above rules. Similar basis adjustments apply to property if by reason of holding such property the U.S. Holder is treated under the applicable attribution rules as owning shares in a QEF.
  Although a determination as to our PFIC status will be made annually, an initial determination that our company is a PFIC will generally apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder who held ordinary shares or warrants while we were a PFIC, whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. A U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, however, will not be subject to the PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed above in respect to such shares. In addition, such U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to such shares for any taxable year of us that ends within or with a taxable year of the U.S. Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On the other hand, if the QEF election is not effective for each of our taxable years in which we are a PFIC and the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, the PFIC rules discussed above will continue to apply to such shares unless the holder files on a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return (including extensions) a QEF election and a purging election to recognize under the PFIC rules any gain that the U.S. Holder would otherwise recognize if the U.S. Holder sold our shares for their fair market value on the “qualification date.” The qualification date is the first day of our tax year in which we qualify as a QEF with respect to such U.S. Holder. The purging election can only be made if such U.S. Holder held our shares on the qualification date. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will increase the adjusted tax basis in our shares by the amount of the gain recognized and will also have a new holding period in the shares for purposes of the PFIC rules.
   110
    Alternatively, if a U.S. Holder, at the close of its taxable year, owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable shares, the U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) ordinary shares and for which we are determined to be a PFIC, such holder generally will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its ordinary shares so long as such shares continue to be treated as marketable shares. Instead, in general, the U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income each year that we are treated as a PFIC the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year over the adjusted basis in its ordinary shares. The U.S. Holder also will be allowed to take an ordinary loss in respect of the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of its ordinary shares over the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The U.S. Holder’s basis in its ordinary shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of the ordinary shares in a taxable year in which we are treated as a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income. Special tax rules may also apply if a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election for a taxable year after the first taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) its ordinary shares and for which we are treated as a PFIC. Currently, a mark-to-market election may not be made with respect to the warrants.
  The mark-to-market election is available only for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Nasdaq Capital Market, or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in respect to our ordinary shares under their particular circumstances.
  If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC, and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. Upon request, we will endeavor to cause any lower-tier PFIC to provide to a U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. However, there can be no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information. A mark-to-market election generally would not be available with respect to such lower-tier PFIC. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs.
  A U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621 (whether or not a QEF or mark-to-market election is made) with such U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax return and provide such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department.
  The rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF and mark-to-market elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly, U.S. Holders of our ordinary shares and warrants should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules to our ordinary shares and warrants under their particular circumstances.
   111
    Non-U.S. Holders
  Dividends (including constructive distributions) paid or deemed paid to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect to its ordinary shares generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, unless the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains or maintained in the United States).
  In addition, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain attributable to a sale or other disposition of our ordinary shares or warrants unless such gain is effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains or maintained in the United States) or the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of sale or other disposition and certain other conditions are met (in which case, such gain from United States sources generally is subject to tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate).
  Dividends (including constructive dividends) and gains that are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States) generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the same regular U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to a comparable U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate.
  Backup Withholding and Information Reporting
  In general, information reporting for U.S. federal income tax purposes should apply to distributions made on our ordinary shares within the United States to a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient) and to the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our securities by a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient) to or through a U.S. office of a broker. Payments made (and sales and other dispositions effected at an office) outside the United States will be subject to information reporting in limited circumstances. In addition, certain information concerning a U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its securities and whether any gain or loss with respect to such securities is long-term or short-term may be required to be reported to the IRS, and certain holders may be required to file an IRS Form 8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets) to report their interest in our securities.
  Moreover, backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax, currently at a rate of 24%, generally will apply to dividends paid on our securities to a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient) and the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our securities by a U.S. Holder (other than an exempt recipient), in each case who:
  · fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number;
  · is notified by the IRS that backup withholding is required; or
  · fails to comply with applicable certification requirements.
  A Non-U.S. Holder generally may eliminate the requirement for information reporting and backup withholding by providing certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 or by otherwise establishing an exemption.
  We will withhold all taxes required to be withheld by law from any amounts otherwise payable to any holder of our securities, including tax withholding required by the backup withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. Holder’s or a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the requisite information is timely furnished to the IRS. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of backup withholding and the availability of and procedure for obtaining an exemption from backup withholding in their particular circumstances.
   112
    UNDERWRITING (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)
  We are offering the units described in this prospectus through the underwriters named below. Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners are acting as the joint book-running managers of this offering and as representatives of the underwriters named below. We have entered into an underwriting agreement with the representatives. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, each of the underwriters has severally agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to the underwriters, the number of units listed next to its name in the following table.
  Underwriter   Number of
Units  
Craig-Hallum Capital Group     2,500,000  
Roth Capital Partners     2,500,000  
Total     5,000,000  
  The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriters must buy all of the units if they buy any of them. However, the underwriters are not required to purchase the units covered by the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units as described below.
  Our units are offered subject to a number of conditions, including:
  • receipt and acceptance of our units by the underwriters; and
  • the underwriters’ right to reject orders in whole or in part.
  We have been advised by the representatives that the underwriters intend to make a market in our units but that they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue making a market at any time without notice.
  Option to Purchase Additional Units
  We have granted the underwriters an option to buy up to an aggregate of 750,000 additional units. The underwriters have 45 days from the date of this prospectus to exercise this option. If the underwriters exercise this option, they will each purchase additional units approximately in proportion to the amounts specified in the table above.
  Underwriting Discount
  Units sold by the underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the initial offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. Any units sold by the underwriters to securities dealers may be sold at a discount of up to $__ per unit from the initial public offering price. Sales of units made outside of the United States may be made by affiliates of the underwriters. If all the units are not sold at the initial public offering price, the representatives may change the offering price and the other selling terms. Upon execution of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase the units at the prices and upon the terms stated therein.
  The following table shows the per unit and total underwriting discount we will pay to the underwriters assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase up to 750,000 additional units.
      No Exercise     Full Exercise  
Per Unit   $ 0.25     $ 0.25  
Total(1)   $ 1,250,000     $ 1,437,500  
    (1) We will also pay $            to            , our “qualified independent underwriter.” We have also agreed to pay for the FINRA-related fees and expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel, not to exceed $            .
   113
      We estimate that the total expenses of the offering payable by us, not including the underwriting discount, will be approximately $765,000. We have agreed to pay for the FINRA-related fees and expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel, not to exceed $           , the expenses of transaction “bibles” and lucite cube “mementos,” not to exceed $           , and the expenses of investigations and background checks, not to exceed $            per individual, or an aggregate payment of $           , all of which are included in the total estimated expenses of $765,000.
  Business Combination Marketing Agreement
  We have engaged the representatives as advisors in connection with our business combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential business combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in connection with our initial business combination, assist us in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. We will pay the representatives a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.0% of the gross proceeds of this offering (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable).
  Conflicts of Interest
  Certain of our initial stockholders are affiliates of Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners, the lead bookrunning managers in this offering. As a result, Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners are deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of Rule 5121 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“Rule 5121”).
  Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the applicable requirements of Rule 5121. Rule 5121 requires that a “qualified independent underwriter,” as defined in Rule 5121, participate in the preparation of the registration statement and prospectus and exercise the usual standards of due diligence with respect thereto.             has agreed to act as a “qualified independent underwriter” for this offering.             will receive a fee of $            upon the completion of this offering for acting as a qualified independent underwriter. We have agreed to indemnify             against certain liabilities incurred in connection with acting as a “qualified independent underwriter,” including liabilities under the Securities Act. In addition, no underwriter with a conflict of interest will confirm sales to any account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the specific prior written approval of the account holder.
  No Sales of Similar Securities
  We, our executive officers and directors, and our initial shareholders will enter into lock-up agreements with the underwriters. Under the lock-up agreements, subject to certain exceptions, we and each of these persons may not, without the prior written approval of Craig-Hallum Capital Group and Roth Capital Partners, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or hedge our units, warrants, shares or any other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our shares. These restrictions will be in effect for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus.
  Subject to certain limited exceptions, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Shareholders”).
  Founder Shares and Private Units
  The representatives have purchased 287,500 founder shares and we have agreed to sell to the them and/or their designees 50,000 private units, or up to 53,750 private units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, at a price of $10.000 per private unit, upon the consummation of this offering. The representatives have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such securities until the completion of our initial business combination. The representatives’ private units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants included therein, so long as they are held by the representatives or their permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis, (iv) will be entitled to registration rights and (v) for so long as they are held by the representatives, will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i). If the representatives’ private warrants are held by holders other than the representatives or their permitted transferees, such private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering.
  In addition, the representatives have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their private warrants in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their private shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their private shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering.
    114  
    The founder shares and private units have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA’s Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners.
  Indemnification
  We have agreed to indemnify the several underwriters against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. If we are unable to provide this indemnification, we have agreed to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make in respect of those liabilities.
  Nasdaq Listing
  We have applied for listing of our units on Nasdaq under the symbol “LAAAU” and, once the ordinary shares and warrants begin separate trading, we expect our ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “LAAA” and “LAAAW,” respectively.
  Price Stabilization, Short Positions
  In connection with this offering, the underwriters may engage in activities that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of units during and after this offering, including:
  • stabilizing transactions;
  • short sales;
  • purchases to cover positions created by short sales;
  • imposition of penalty bids; and
  • syndicate covering transactions.
  Stabilizing transactions consist of bids or purchases made for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units while this offering is in progress. Stabilization transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. These transactions may also include making short sales of our units, which involve the sale by the underwriters of a greater number of units than they are required to purchase in this offering and purchasing units on the open market to cover short positions created by short sales. Short sales may be “covered short sales,” which are short positions in an amount not greater than the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units referred to above, or may be “naked short sales,” which are short positions in excess of that amount.
  The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their option, in whole or in part, or by purchasing units in the open market. In making this determination, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the over-allotment option.
    115  
    Naked short sales are short sales made in excess of the over-allotment option. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing units in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market that could adversely affect investors who purchased in this offering.
  The underwriters also may impose a penalty bid. This occurs when a particular underwriter repays to the underwriters a portion of the underwriting discount received by it because the representatives have repurchased units sold by or for the account of that underwriter in stabilizing or short covering transactions.
  These stabilizing transactions, short sales, purchases to cover positions created by short sales, the imposition of penalty bids and syndicate covering transactions may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our units or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units. As a result of these activities, the price of our units may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. The underwriters may carry out these transactions on Nasdaq, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the units. Neither we, nor any of the underwriters make any representation that the underwriters will engage in these stabilization transactions or that any transaction, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.
  Affiliations
  The underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The underwriters and their affiliates may from time to time in the future engage with us and perform services for us or in the ordinary course of their business for which they will receive customary fees and expenses. In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of us. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of these securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in these securities and instruments.
  Except as described above, we are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, any of the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriter’s compensation in connection with this offering and we may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination.
  Electronic Distribution
  A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on the Internet sites or through other online services maintained by one or more of the underwriters participating in this offering, or by their affiliates. In those cases, prospective investors may view offering terms online and, depending upon the particular underwriter, prospective investors may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific number of units for sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online distributions will be made by the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on any underwriter’s website and any information contained in any other website maintained by an underwriter is not part of the prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or any underwriter in its capacity as underwriter and should not be relied upon by investors.
    116  
    Notice to Residents of Canada
  The units may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the units must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
  Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
  Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
  Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia
  No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), in relation to the offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”), and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act.
  Any offer in Australia of the shares may only be made to persons (the “Exempt Investors”) who are “sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the shares without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.
  The shares applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring shares must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions.
  This prospectus contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters.
  Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre
  This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no responsibility for the prospectus. The shares to which this prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the shares offered should conduct their own due diligence on the shares. If you do not understand the contents of this prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor.
    117  
    Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area
  In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, a “relevant member state”), with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that relevant member state (the “relevant implementation date”), an offer of units described in this prospectus may not be made to the public in that relevant member state prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units that has been approved by the competent authority in that relevant member state or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant member state and notified to the competent authority in that relevant member state, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that, with effect from and including the relevant implementation date, an offer of our units may be made to the public in that relevant member state at any time:
  •     to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
  •     to fewer than 100, or, if the relevant member state has implemented the relevant provisions of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), as permitted under the Prospectus Regulation, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined below) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriter for any such offer; or
  •     in any other circumstances that do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation.
  Each purchaser of units described in this prospectus located within a relevant member state will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that it is a “qualified investor” within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.
  For the purpose of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in any relevant member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the units, as the expression may be varied in that member state by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that member state, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the PD 2010 Amending Directive to the extent implemented by the relevant member state) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each relevant member state, and the expression 2010 PD Amending Directive means Directive 2010/73/EU.
  We have not authorized and do not authorize the making of any offer of securities through any financial intermediary on their behalf, other than offers made by the underwriters with a view to the final placement of the units as contemplated in this prospectus. Accordingly, no purchaser of the units, other than the underwriters, is authorized to make any further offer of the units on behalf of us or the underwriters.
  Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland
  The shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the shares or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
  Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Company, the shares have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of shares has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of shares.
    118  
    Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom
  This prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, persons in the United Kingdom that are qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive that are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as a “relevant person”). The units are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such units will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. This prospectus and its contents are confidential and should not be distributed, published or reproduced (in whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other persons in the United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.
  Notice to Prospective Investors in France
  Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or by the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and notified to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The units have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units has been or will be:
  • released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or
  • used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the units to the public in France.
  • Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only:
  • to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article L.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier;
  • to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or
  • in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2-II-1|Mbb[-or-2|Mbb[-or 3|Mbb[ of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public à l’épargne).
  The units may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier.
  Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong
  The units may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the units may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to units which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder.
    119  
    Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan
  The units have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or for the benefit of any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person, except in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines promulgated by relevant Japanese governmental or regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan.
  Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore
  This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the units may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the units be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to compliance with conditions set forth in the SFA.
  Where the units are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
  • shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
  • to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA;
  • where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or
  • where the transfer is by operation of law.
    120  
    LEGAL MATTERS
  The validity of the securities offered in this prospectus is being passed upon for us by Loeb & Loeb LLP, New York, New York with respect to the units and warrants and by Harney Westwood Riegels with respect to the ordinary shares and matters of Cayman Islands law. Graubard Miller, New York, New York is acting as counsel to the underwriters in connection with this offering.
  EXPERTS
  The financial statements of Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp. as of January 31, 2021 and for the period from January 6, 2021 (inception) through January 31, 2021 appearing in this prospectus have been audited by UHY LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon, appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such report given on the authority of such firm as an expert in auditing and accounting.
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
  We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.
  Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. You also may read and copy any document we file with the SEC at its public reference facility at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.
  You also may obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference facilities.
    121  
    LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2
Financial Statements:  
Balance Sheet of January 31, 2021 F-3
Statement of Operations for the period from January 6, 2021(inception) through January 31, 2021 F-4
Statement of Changes in Shareholder’s Equity from January 6, 2021(inception) through January 31, 2021 F-5
Statement of Cash Flows from January 6, 2021(inception) through January 31, 2021 F-6
Notes to Financial Statements F-7
  F-1
    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
  To the Board of Directors and
Shareholder of Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp.
  Opinion on the Financial Statements
  We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp. (the Company) as of January 31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, shareholder’s equity, and cash flows as of and for the period from January 6, 2021 (inception) to January 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 6, 2021 (inception) to January 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
  Substantial Doubt about the Company’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no revenue, its business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing transaction and the Company’s cash and working capital as January 31, 2021 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for the upcoming year. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  Basis for Opinion
  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
  Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
  UHY LLP
  We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2021.
  New York, New York
  March 9, 2021  
  F-2
      LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
Balance Sheet
January 31, 2021
  ASSETS        
Current assets        
Cash in escrow   $ 25,000  
Deferred offering costs     50,000  
Total Assets   $ 75,000  
          LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY        
          Current Liabilities        
Accrued expenses and offering costs     54,033  
Total Liabilities     54,033  
          Commitments and Contingencies        
          Shareholder’s Equity        
Ordinary share, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 1,437,500 shares issued and outstanding(1)     144  
Additional paid- in capital     24,856  
Accumulated deficit     (4,033 )
Total Shareholder’s Equity     20,967  
          Total Liabilities and Shareholder’s Equity   $ 75,000  
    (1) This number includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares of ordinary share that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters.
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
  F-3
     LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
Statement of Operations
For the period from January 6, 2021 (Inception) to January 31, 2021
  Formation, general and administrative expenses   $ 4,033  
Net loss     (4,033 )
          Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding(1)     1,250,000  
          Basic and diluted net loss per share   $ (0.00 )
    (1) This number excludes an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares of ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters.
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
  F-4
    LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
For the period from January 6, 2021 (Inception) to January 31, 2021
      Ordinary Shares(1)     Additional
Paid- in     Accumulated     Total
Shareholder’s  
    Shares     Amount     Capital     Deficit     Equity  
Balances, January 31, 2021 (Inception)     —     $ —     $ —     $ —     $ —  
Issuance of ordinary shares to initial shareholders     1,437,500       144       24,856       —       25,000  
Net loss     —       —       —       (4,033 )     (4,033 )
Balances, January 31, 2021     1,437,500     $ 144     $ 24,856     $ (4,033 )   $ 20,967  
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
  F-5
     LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
Statement of Cash Flows
For the period from January 6, 2021 (Inception) to January 31, 2021
  Cash flow from operating activities        
Net loss   $ (4,033 )
Change in operating assets and liabilities:        
Change in accrued payables     4,033  
Net cash used in operating activities     —  
          Cash flow from financing activities        
Proceeds from sale of ordinary shares     25,000  
Net cash provided by financing activities     25,000  
          Net increase in cash     25,000  
Cash at beginning of period     —  
Cash at end of period   $ 25,000  
          Non-cash financing activities        
Deferred offering costs accrued   $ 50,000  
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
  F-6
    LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Note 1 — Organization, Plan of Business Operations and Going Concern Consideration
  Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Cayman Islands on January 6, 2021 as a blank check company whose objective is to acquire, through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company’s efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region.
  As of January 31, 2021, the Company had not yet commenced any operations and had not generated revenue. All activities relate to the Company’s formation and the proposed public offering described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year-end.
  The Company’s sponsor is RedOne Investment Limited, a BVI limited liability company (the “sponsor”).
  The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed public offering, see Note 3, and the sale of private placement to the Company’s sponsor, hedge funds and underwriters, see Note 5.
  Pursuant to Nasdaq listing rules, the Company’s initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the value of the funds in the Trust account (excluding any taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust account), which the Company refers to as the 80% test, at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for its initial business combination, although the Company may structure a business combination with one or more target businesses whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80% of the trust account balance. If the Company is no longer listed on Nasdaq, it will not be required to satisfy the 80% test.
  The Company currently anticipates structuring a business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. The Company may, however, structure a business combination where the Company merges directly with the target business or where the Company acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but the Company will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise owns a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% test.
  The Company will either seek shareholder approval of any business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid, or provide shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid.
  The Company will proceed with a business combination only if it will have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon consummation of the business combination and, solely if shareholder approval is sought, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company will be required to approve the business combination.
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to 20% or more of the ordinary shares sold in this offering without the Company’s prior written consent.
  F-7
    LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  In connection with any shareholder vote required to approve any business combination, the initial shareholders will agree (i) to vote any of their respective shares in favor of the initial business combination and (ii) not to convert such respective shares into a pro rata portion of the trust account or seek to sell their shares in connection with any tender offer the Company engages in.
   Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if the Company is unable to complete its initial business combination within 21 months from the date of the proposed public offering, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining holders of ordinary shares and the Company’s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve.
   If the Company is unable to complete its initial business combination within 21 months from the date of the proposed public offering, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining holders of ordinary shares and the Company’s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve.
  Upon the closing of the public offering and private placement, management has agreed that at least $10.00 per unit sold in the private units will be held in a trust account and invested in United States government treasury bills, notes or bonds having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, until the earlier of the consummation of its first business combination and the Company’s failure to consummate a business combination within the prescribed time. Placing funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. In addition, interest income earned on the funds in the Trust account may be released to the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by the Company may be paid prior to a Business combination only from the net proceeds of the proposed public offering not held in the Trust account, provided, however, that in order to meet its working capital needs following the consummation of the proposed public offering, the Company’s initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each working capital loan would be evidenced by a promissory note and would either be paid upon consummation of the Company’s initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the working capital loan may be converted upon consummation of the Company’s business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit. If the Company does not complete a business combination, the working capital loan will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust account and only to the extent available.
  Going Concern Consideration
  As of January 31, 2021, the Company had $25,000 in cash in an escrow account and a working capital deficit of $29,033 (excluding deferred offering costs). Further, the Company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address this uncertainty through the proposed public offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a business combination will be successful or successful within the required time period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  F-8
    LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Note 2 — Significant Accounting Policies
  Basis of presentation
  The accompanying financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars and in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
  Emerging Growth Company
  Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”) permits emerging growth companies to delay complying with new or revised financial accounting standards that do not yet apply to private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act). The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
  Cash and Cash Equivalents
  The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. There were no cash equivalents as of January 31, 2021.
  Deferred Offering Costs
  Deferred offering costs consist principally of legal, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the proposed public offering and that will be charged to shareholders’ equity upon the receipt of the capital raised. Should the proposed public offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs as well as additional expenses to be incurred will be charged to operations.
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments
  The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 825, “Financial Instruments,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.
  Use of Estimates
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
  F-9
    LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Concentration of Credit Risk
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times may exceed the federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.
  Net Loss per Share
  Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares was reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 187,500 ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters.
  As of January 31, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary Shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented.
  Income Taxes
  The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.
  ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. The Company has identified Cayman Islands as its only “major” tax jurisdiction, as defined. Based on the Company’s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company’s financial statements. Since the Company was incorporated on January 6, 2021, the evaluation was performed for upcoming 2021 tax year which will be the only period subject to examination. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material changes to its financial position. The Company’s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense.
  The Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with foreign tax laws.
  The Company’s tax provision was zero and it had no deferred tax assets for the period presented. The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands Company, and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States.
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements
  Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.
  Note 3 — Proposed Public Offering
  The proposed public offering calls for the Company to offer for public sale 5,000,000 units at a proposed offering price of $10.00 per Unit (plus up to an additional 750,000 units solely to cover over-allotments, if any, pursuant to a 45 day over-allotment option granted to the underwriter). Each unit consists of one share of ordinary shares in the Company and one-half warrant.
  F-10
    LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share commencing 30 days after the completion of its initial business combination, and expiring five years from after the completion of an initial business combination. The Company may redeem the warrants at a price of $0.01 per warrant upon 30 days’ notice, only in the event that the last sale price of the ordinary shares is at least $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given, provided there is an effective registration statement and current prospectus in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants during the 30 day redemption period. If the Company redeems the warrants as described above, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” If a registration statement is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of a business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In the event that a registration statement is not effective at the time of exercise or no exemption is available for a cashless exercise, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant for cash and in no event (whether in the case of a registration statement being effective or otherwise) will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrant exercise. If an initial business combination is not consummated, the warrants will expire and will be worthless.
  In addition, if (a) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors), (b) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination, and (c) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial business combination is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the market price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the market price.
  Note 4 — Related Party Transactions
  Founder Shares
  On January 8, 2021, 1,437,500 shares of the Company’s ordinary shares were issued to the sponsor at a price of approximately $0.017 per share for an aggregate of $25,000. This number includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters. Subject to certain limited exceptions, the initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
  Related Party Loans
  As mentioned in Note 1, in order to meet its working capital needs following the consummation of the proposed public offering, the Company’s initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each working capital loan would be evidenced by a promissory note and would either be paid upon consummation of the Company’s initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the working capital loan may be converted upon consummation of the Company’s business combination into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit. If the Company does not complete a business combination, the working capital loan will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust account and only to the extent available.
  F-11
    LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Note 5 — Commitments and Contingencies
  Risks and Uncertainties
  Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
  Engagement Agreement with Legal Counsel
  The Company has entered into an agreement with its legal counsel of the proposed public offering. The Company agrees to pay $25,000 to its legal counsel on the day the SEC provides its first comment letter (or indicates that it has no comments), and an additional $150,000 upon the closing of the proposed public offering of the Company.
  Engagement Agreement with Underwriters
  The Company has entered into an engagement agreement with the underwriters of the proposed public offering. The Company agrees to pay an underwriting discount of 2.5% of the gross proceeds of the offering (the “Upfront Fee”) at the time of the applicable closing, including the initial closing and subsequent closings with respect to the over-allotment option of the underwriters. The Company has also agreed to enter into a Business Marketing Agreement with the representative of the underwriters pursuant to which it will pay a fee equal to 3% of the gross proceeds of the offering,
  Private units
  RedOne Investment Limited, the company’s sponsor, hedge funds and the representatives of underwriters and certain of their affiliates of underwriters, will agree to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 Private units (or 268,750 units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at $10.00 per private unit.
  The private units are identical to the units sold in the public offering, except that the private warrants are not redeemable so long as they are held by the purchaser or its permitted transferees. Additionally, the holders of the private units have agreed (A) to vote the shares underlying their private units in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation with respect to the Company’s pre-business combination activities prior to the consummation of such a business combination unless the Company provides public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any shares underlying the private units into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity or sell their shares to the Company in connection with a tender offer the Company engages in and (D) that the shares underlying the private units shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Subject to certain limited exceptions, the purchasers have also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units or underlying securities (except to transferees that agree to the same terms and restrictions) until the completion of an initial business combination.
  Registration Rights
  The initial shareholders will be entitled to registration rights with respect to their initial shares, as well as the holders of the private units and holders of any securities issued to the Company’s initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans or extension loans made to the Company, will be entitled to registration rights with respect to the private units (and underlying securities), pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the proposed public offering. The holders of such securities are entitled to demand that the Company register these securities at any time after the Company consummates a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights on registration statements filed after the Company’s consummation of a business combination.
  F-12
    LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Note 6 — Shareholders’ Equity
  Ordinary shares
  The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share.
  On January 8, 2021, 1,437,500 shares of the Company’s ordinary shares were issued to the sponsor at a price of approximately $0.017 per share for an aggregate of $25,000. This number includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters. Subject to certain limited exceptions, the initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
  Note 7 —Subsequent Events
  The Company’s management reviewed all material events that have occurred after the balance sheet date through March 9, 2021, the date which these financial statements were issued. Based on the review, management identified the following subsequent events that are required disclosure in the financial statements.
  On February 10, 2021, the Company issued a $450,000 principal amount unsecured promissory note to the Company’s sponsor, and the Company had received such amount as of issuance date. The note is non-interest bearing, at the discretion of the sponsor, due on the earlier of December 31, 2021, the consummation of this offering or the abandonment of this offering. The promissory note will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us for payment of offering expenses. Due to the short-term nature of the note, the fair value of the note approximates the carrying amount.
  As described in Note 4, on January 8, 2021, 1,437,500 shares of the company’s ordinary shares were sold to the sponsor at a price of approximately $0.017 per share for an aggregate of $25,000. On February 28, 2021 and thereafter, the sponsor of the Company has entered into a series of subscription agreements with hedge funds and the representatives and certain of their affiliates. Each party agreed that hedge funds and representatives of the underwriters and certain of their affiliates subscribe a certain amount of founder shares with nominal price, and the sponsor surrenders the same amount of founder shares. The total amount of founder shares under these agreements is 553,314. The Sponsor will then transfer a total of 40,000 founder shares to the Company’s officers and directors, for the same price paid for such shares, and retain 844,186 founder shares.
  F-13
    Until             , 2021 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our ordinary shares, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
  No dealer, salesperson or any other person is authorized to give any information or make any representations in connection with this offering other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, the information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security other than the securities offered by this prospectus, or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful.
  5,000,000 Units
  Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp.
  ________________________________
  Prospectus
________________________________
  Joint Book-Running Managers
  Craig-Hallum Capital Group
  Roth Capital Partners
  , 2021
        PART II
  INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
  Item 13.     Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
  The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows:
  SEC Registration Fees     11,684  
FINRA Filing Fees     16,564  
Accounting fees and expenses     40,000  
Printing and engraving expenses     30,000  
Nasdaq Capital Market expenses (including deferred amounts)     50,000  
Transfer agent fees     25,000  
D&O insurance     300,000  
Legal fees and expenses     250,000  
Miscellaneous(1)     26,752  
Total     750,000  
      (1) This amount represents additional expenses that may be incurred by the Company in connection with the offering over and above those specifically listed above, including transfer agent and trustee fees.
  Item 14.     Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
  Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will also enter into indemnification agreements with each of our officers and directors a form of which is to be filed as an exhibit to this Registration Statement. These agreements will require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Cayman Islands law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.
  Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is theretofore unenforceable.
  Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement to be filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act.
  Item 15.     Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
  Prior to this offering, we issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares (up to 187,500 of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised) to our initial shareholders in the amount of $25,000, at a price of $0.017 per share. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
    II-1  
    In addition, our initial shareholders have committed to purchase from us private units at $10.00 per unit (for an aggregate purchase price of $2,500,000, or up to $2,687,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). The purchase of the private units will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
  Each of our initial shareholders is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D.
  No underwriting discounts or commissions were or will be paid with respect to such sales.
     II-2  
    Item 16.     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
  (a)     The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement:
  Exhibit No.   Description
1.1   Form of Underwriting Agreement*
1.2   Form of Business Combination Marketing Agreement.*
3.1   Memorandum and Articles of Association*
3.2   Form of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association*
4.1   Specimen Unit Certificate*
4.2   Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate*
4.3   Specimen Warrant Certificate*
4.4   Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant*
5.1   Form of opinion of Harney Westwood Riegels, Cayman Islands Legal Counsel to the Registrant.*
5.2   Opinion of Loeb & Loeb LLP*
10.1   Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant and each of the sponsor, directors and officers of the Registrant*
10.2   Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant*
10.3   Form of Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and securityholders*
10.4   Form of Indemnity Agreement*
10.5   Form of Subscription Agreement*
10.6   Form of Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and the initial shareholders.*
14   Form of Code of Ethics*
23.1   Consent of UHY LLP
23.2   Consent of Harney Westwood Riegels (included in Exhibit 5.1)*
23.3   Consent of Loeb & Loeb LLP (included on Exhibit 5.2)*
24   Power of Attorney (included in signature page)
99.1   Audit Committee Charter*
99.2   Compensation Committee Charter*
99.3   Nominating Committee Charter*
99.4   Consent of Deyin (Bill) Chen
99.5   Consent of Chen (Laura) Li
99.6   Consent of H. David Sherman
99.7   Consent of Jinzhong Lu
99.8   Consent of Yan Zhu
      * To be filed by amendment.
    II-3  
    Item 17.     Undertakings.
  (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
  (b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
  (c) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
  (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:
  (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933;
  (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement;
  (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement.
  (2) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
  (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering.
    II-4  
    (4) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
  (5) For the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.
  (6) For the purpose of determining liability of a registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of an undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:
  (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;
  (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by an undersigned registrant;
  (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and
  (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.
    II-5  
    SIGNATURES
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New York, on the 9th day of April, 2021.
      LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP.
        By: /s/ Bill Chen
  Name: Bill Chen
  Title: Chief Executive Officer
  POWER OF ATTORNEY
  KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Bill Chen his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments including pre- and post-effective amendments to this registration statement, any subsequent registration statement for the same offering which may be filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and pre- or post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
  Name   Position   Date
          /s/ Bill Chen   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   April 9, 2021
Bill Chen   (Principal executive officer)    
          /s/ Laura Li   Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and   April 9, 2021
Laura Li   accounting officer) and Director    
        AUTHORIZED U.S. REPRESENTATIVE
  Pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the undersigned, the duly authorized representative in the United States of LAKESHORE ACQUISITION I CORP. has signed this registration statement in the City of New York, State of New York, on April 9, 2021.
    Authorized U.S. Representative
      By: /s/ David Sherman
  Name: David Sherman
   