S-1 1 a2242932zs-1.htm S-1
Use these links to rapidly review the document
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Table of Contents
As filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2021
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
No. 333-            

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM S-1
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

Artisan Acquisition Corp.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)   6770
(Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)   98-1580830
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
71 Fort Street, PO Box 500
Grand Cayman
Cayman Islands, KY1-1106
+852 2523 1056
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices)

Cogency Global Inc.
122 East 42nd Street, 18th Floor
New York, NY 10168
+1(800) 221-0102
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)

Copies:

Christian O. Nagler, Esq.
Kirkland & Ellis LLP
601 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10022
(212) 446-4800
 
Steve Lin, Esq.
Kirkland & Ellis International LLP
29th Floor, China World Office 2
No. 1 Jian Guo Men Wai Avenue
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100004
People's Republic of China
(+86-10) 5737-9300
 
Frank Lopez, Esq.
Jonathan Ko, Esq.
Paul Hastings LLP
200 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10166
(212) 318-6800
 
Neil A. Torpey, Esq.
Paul Hastings LLP
22/F, Bank of China Tower
1 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong
(+852) 2867-9902

Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public:
As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
           If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box:    o
           If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.    o
           If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.    o
           If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.    o
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer o   Accelerated filer o   Non-accelerated filer ý   Smaller reporting company ý
Emerging growth company ý
           If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. o

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
                  Title of Each Class of
Security Being Registered
  Amount
Being
Registered
  Proposed Maximum
Offering Price per
Security(1)
  Proposed Maximum
Aggregate Offering
Price(1)
  Amount of
Registration Fee
  Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant(2)
  34,500,000 units   $10.00   $345,000,000   $37,640
  Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units(3)
  34,500,000 shares   —   —   —(4)
  Redeemable warrants included as part of the units(3)
  11,500,000 warrants   —   —   —(4)
  Total
          $345,000,000   $37,640
  (1)
Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(a) under the Securities Act.

(2)
Includes 4,500,000 units, consisting of 4,500,000 Class A ordinary shares and 1,500,000 redeemable warrants, which may be issued upon exercise of a 45-day option granted to the underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any.

(3)
Pursuant to Rule 416(a), there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be offered or issued to prevent dilution resulting from share sub-divisions, share dividends, or similar transactions.

(4)
No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g).

           The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
    Table of Contents
The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MARCH 24, 2021
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
Artisan Acquisition Corp.
$300,000,000
30,000,000 Units

             Artisan Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as our initial business combination. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a target company.
             This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, terms and limitations as described herein. The underwriters have a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any.
             We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations as described herein. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem 100% of the public shares for cash, subject to applicable law and certain conditions as described herein.
             Our sponsor has agreed to purchase 5,333,333 warrants (or 5,933,333 warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of $1.50 per warrant, in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of this offering. Our initial shareholders currently own 10,125,000 Class B ordinary shares, up to 1,125,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors.
             Aspex Master Fund ("Aspex"), a private investment fund managed by a Hong Kong-based investment management firm, and Pacific Alliance Asia Opportunity Fund L.P. ("PAG"), a Hong Kong-based alternative investment management group, whom we refer to collectively as anchor investors, have entered into forward purchase agreements with us that provide for the purchase by the anchor investors of an aggregate of 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, plus an aggregate of 1,500,000 redeemable warrants to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $60,000,000, or $10.00 per Class A ordinary share, in a private placement to close concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The obligations under the forward purchase agreements do not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by our public shareholders. We issued 1,500,000 additional Class B ordinary shares to our sponsor, which represent the adjustment to the ratio applicable to the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares that our sponsor would have been entitled to at the closing of our initial business combination as a result of the issuance of 6,000,000 additional Class A ordinary shares under the forward purchase agreements. As a result, the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares at the closing of our initial business combination will not trigger a further adjustment to this ratio. Further, prior to this offering, our sponsor transferred an aggregate of 750,000 Class B ordinary shares to the anchor investors for no cash consideration, which represent 8.33% of the Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option). As a result of the foregoing and our sponsor's transfer of 100,000 Class B ordinary shares to our independent directors, our sponsor currently owns 9,275,000 Class B ordinary shares, up to 1,125,000 of which will be surrendered to us for no consideration after the closing of this offering depending on the extent to which the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised. The total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding after this offering and the expiration of the underwriters' over-allotment option, which includes the 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares issued in connection with the forward purchase agreements, will equal 20% of the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding at such time plus the 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein.
             Currently, there is no public market for our securities. We intend to apply to have our units listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol "ARTAU." We expect that the Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on Nasdaq under the symbols "ARTA" and "ARTAW," respectively, on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless the underwriters permit earlier separate trading and we have satisfied certain conditions.
             We are an "emerging growth company" and a "smaller reporting company" under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements.

             Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 38 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
             Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

           
  Per Unit
  Total
  Public offering price
  $10.00   $300,000,000
  Underwriting discounts and commissions(1)
  $0.55   $16,500,000
  Proceeds, before expenses, to us
  $9.45   $283,500,000
  (1)
Includes $0.35 per unit, or $10,500,000 in the aggregate (or $12,075,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein and released to the underwriters only upon the consummation of an initial business combination. See also "Underwriting" for a description of underwriting compensation payable to the underwriters.
             Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, $300,000,000, or $345,000,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per unit in either case), will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee.
             The underwriters are offering the units for sale on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the units to the purchasers on or about                        , 2021.


Book-Running Managers
(in alphabetical order)
Credit Suisse   UBS Investment Bank

    The date of this prospectus is                                    , 2021
Table of Contents
        Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus. We and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus.


TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  Page  
SUMMARY
    1  
SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA
   
37  
RISK FACTORS
   
38  
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
   
83  
USE OF PROCEEDS
   
84  
DIVIDEND POLICY
   
88  
DILUTION
   
89  
CAPITALIZATION
   
91  
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
   
92  
PROPOSED BUSINESS
   
97  
MANAGEMENT
   
130  
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS
   
141  
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   
144  
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
   
146  
TAXATION
   
173  
UNDERWRITING
   
186  
LEGAL MATTERS
   
195  
EXPERTS
   
196  
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
   
197  
        Until                        , 2021, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealer's obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to unsold allotments or subscriptions.
i
Table of Contents


SUMMARY
        This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under "Risk Factors" and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing.
        Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus or the context otherwise requires, references to:
•
"anchor investors" are to Aspex and PAG, with whom we have entered into forward purchase agreements;

•
"amended and restated memorandum and articles of association" are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that we will adopt prior to the consummation of this offering;

•
"Companies Act" are to the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time;

•
"equity-linked securities" are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt;

•
"forward purchase agreements" are to the agreements providing for the sale of forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants to the anchor investors in a private placement that will close concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination;

•
"forward purchase securities" are to the forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants;

•
"forward purchase shares" are to the 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the anchor investors pursuant to the forward purchase agreements;

•
"forward purchase warrants" are to the 1,500,000 warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the anchor investors pursuant to the forward purchase agreements;

•
"founder shares" are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our initial shareholders in a private placement and share capitalization prior to this offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be "public shares");

•
"initial shareholders" are to holders of our founder shares prior to this offering (including our sponsor, independent director nominees and the anchor investors);

•
"management" or our "management team" are to our officer and directors (including our director nominees that will become directors in connection with the consummation of this offering);

•
"ordinary shares" are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares;

•
"private placement warrants" are to the warrants to be issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any;

•
"public shares" are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market);
1
Table of Contents
•
"public warrants" are to our warrants sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market);

•
"public shareholders" are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor's and each member of our management team's status as a "public shareholder" will only exist with respect to such public shares;

•
"public warrants" are to our warrants sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market);

•
"sponsor" are to Artisan LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; and

•
"we," "us," "our," "company", "the Company" or "our company" are to Artisan Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company.
        Any forfeiture of shares described in this prospectus will take effect as a surrender of shares for no consideration of such shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Any conversion of the Class B ordinary shares described in this prospectus will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Any share dividends described in this prospectus will take effect as share capitalizations as a matter of Cayman Islands law.
        Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.
Our Company
        We are a blank check company newly incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us.
        While we may pursue a business combination target in any business or industry, we intend to search globally for a target with operations or prospects focusing on high-growth healthcare, consumer and technology sectors, and companies that we believe can be well-positioned for success in Greater China. The Greater China region is where our sponsor has built unparalleled proprietary network and resources, which we believe can help our target companies grow and succeed. The Greater China region is also the engine of growth in Asia Pacific, where disruptive and innovative business models, particularly those in the healthcare, consumer and technology sectors, can make an impact to billions of consumers with rising disposable income. We expect this will result in attractive initial business combination opportunities for us, with attractive risk-adjusted returns.
        Artisan LLC, our sponsor, is founded by Dr. Cheng Chi Kong (Adrian). Dr. Cheng is a visionary leader amongst his generation, a cultural entrepreneur who heads the New World Group and Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group, and the founder of the K11 brand and C Ventures. Dr. Cheng is the mastermind behind the strategy and operations of the Cheng family's business empire and is the third-generation leader of the Cheng family, one of the world's most prominent and influential families. The Cheng family is ranked third in Forbes 2021's "The Top Richest in Hong Kong" list and owns listed portfolio companies with a combined asset value of over US$88 billion as of December 31, 2020. Dr. Cheng is also a prominent and renowned investor with extensive experience and well-established track record.
2
Table of Contents
        New World Development Company Limited (HKEx: 0017) ("NWD"), where Dr. Cheng is the Executive Vice-Chairman, CEO and an Executive Director, is a Hong Kong-based conglomerate with businesses spanning across numerous sectors, including property investment, management and development, infrastructure and services, healthcare, insurance, hospitality and other strategic businesses, most of which are based in Greater China. Founded in 1970, NWD was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1972, and it is currently a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index. As of the date of this prospectus, the market capitalization of NWD exceeded US$12 billion.
        Dr. Cheng possesses unique strengths and abilities in successful brand-building, as showcased by the K11 brand that he founded and launched in 2008. Under Dr. Cheng's leadership, K11 has flourished to become one of the most iconic brands in the Cheng family's portfolio, positioned and marketed as a global high-end lifestyle brand operator and a pioneering brand that blends art, people and nature. K11 has been accredited as "One of China's Top Ten Innovative Companies in 2018" and "One of Global Top Ten Innovative Companies in Urban Development/Real Estate Sector in 2019" by Fast Company, a leading American business magazine with a focus on innovation in technology, leadership and design. As of December 31, 2020, NWD's K11-branded investment property portfolio operated 13 projects in six major cities in Greater China, with a total GFA of over 1.1 million sq.m. K11 also has 25 projects in its pipeline that are expected to be completed by 2025, bringing its total and pipeline projects to 38 projects in 10 cities in Greater China.
        Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited (HKEx: 1929)("CTF Jewellery"), where Dr. Cheng is an Executive Director, is the Cheng family's leading luxury jewelry manufacturing and distribution business with an extensive retail network in Greater China, Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia and the United States, and a fast-growing e-commerce business. As of December 31, 2020, CTF Jewellery had over 4,000 points of sale globally and a network of over 3,700 self-owned stores in Greater China. Its membership programme had over 3.8 million registered members as of September 30, 2020. As of the date of this prospectus, the market capitalization of CTF Jewellery exceeded US$13 billion.
        The Cheng family also owns and operates the Rosewood Hotel Group, including the Rosewood Hotels & Resorts ("Rosewood Hotels") brand. Rosewood Hotels is an ultra-luxury hospitality brand with 28 hotels spread across 16 countries globally, with locations in prime cities in Greater China such as Hong Kong, Beijing and Guangzhou, as well as key metropolises around the world, such as New York, London, Paris, Bangkok and Abu Dhabi. The Rosewood Hotels portfolio is expected to increase to 46 hotels in 26 countries by 2024.
        The business portfolio of the Cheng family consists of a synergistic ecosystem of sustainable communities, spanning across diversified sectors, regions and customer bases. In recent years, Dr. Cheng has further expanded this ecosystem and strengthened its brand name through strategic healthcare investments in Greater China, connecting healthcare with sectors such as property development, financial services and technology.
•
In 2019, Dr. Cheng led the HK$21.5 billion acquisition of FTLife Insurance Company Limited ("FTLife"). FTLife is a large-scale insurance services provider in Hong Kong and offers a comprehensive range of life, accidents and health insurance products. As of December 31, 2020, FTLife had a network of over 3,000 tied agents and strategic partnerships with over 270 brokers. As of December 31, 2020, FTLife had total and net asset values of HK$76 billion and HK$20 billion, respectively.

•
In 2018, Dr. Cheng launched and established Humansa, an integrated, premium cross-generational healthcare services provider with a vision to expand into healthcare services in Mainland China. As of December 31, 2020, there were over 1,200 beds in 10 elderly homes and 3 endoscopic day care centers under the Humansa brand across various districts in Hong Kong, with over 5,200 registered nurses and healthcare professionals providing support to its customers.
3
Table of Contents
•
In 2013, the New World Group entered into a joint venture with Parkway Pantai, one of Asia's largest private healthcare conglomerates, to develop Gleneagles Hospital Hong Kong. It opened in 2017 as a 500-bed, full-service private hospital with over 35 specialties and subspecialties.
        Dr. Cheng also founded C Ventures, an investment club positioned for the world's most elite families and funds, with an investment philosophy of bridging the West and the East. C Ventures was named as one of the "Top 100 China's PE firm" by ChinaVenture in 2020, "Top 20 China's Black Horse Fund" by 36Kr in 2020 and "Top 10 Investment Firm in Consumer Sector" by Lieyun.com in 2020. Leveraging his renowned stature and reputation in Greater China, Dr. Cheng and his experienced investment team have led and invested in a number of renowned domestic and international companies in the new economy sector, which have all successfully grown into unicorn companies prior to their public listings, often in early stages of financing rounds.
        Selected investee companies that have been successfully listed in public markets include:
•
Xpeng Motors (NYSE: XPEV), an electric vehicle company in China providing intelligent travel solutions, as a Series B investor in August 2018. Xpeng Motors was successfully listed on the NYSE in August 2020, with a market capitalization of over US$28 billion as of the date of this prospectus

•
NIO (NYSE: NIO), a leading producer of electric vehicles in China with a truly global team, as a Series D investor in November 2017. NIO was successfully listed on the NYSE in September 2018, with a market capitalization of over US$64 billion as of the date of this prospectus
        Other selected investments in privately held unicorn companies include:
•
JD Logistics, the logistics unit of JD.com, China's largest online direct sales platform providing smart supply chain services with logistics network covering a significant portion of China's population, as a Series A investor in March 2018

•
Gojek, Indonesia's largest ride-hailing company that was reported to have over 900,000 drivers and a monthly transaction volume of over 100 million in 2018, as a Series E investor in August 2017

•
Full Truck Alliance ("FTA"), a leading online road logistics platform in China with the first nationwide freight information network, as a Series A investor in April 2018

•
Little Red Book ("Xiaohongshu"), a leading lifestyle and social e-commerce platform and cross-border e-commerce app in China with over 300 million registered users as of July 2019 and approximately 100 million monthly actively users, as a Series D investor in May 2018

•
Pony.ai, China's leading developer of level 4 autonomous driving solutions, as a Series B+ investor in June 2018
        We believe Dr. Cheng's stellar track record in the global healthcare, consumer and technology sectors, together with his extensive network of important business contacts and relationships, provides us with a deep understanding of the regulatory, political and demographic landscape in our target sectors and regions. In addition to the outstanding, diversified and well-established deal sourcing capabilities as outlined above, we intend to draw upon Dr. Cheng's capabilities and resources, including but not limited to his powerful family background, extensive personal network and relationships, established business infrastructure, and dedicated team of investment personnel.
        Our Company was founded by Dr. Cheng, and our management team is led by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (Ben). Both Dr. Cheng and Mr. Cheng are seasoned professionals with decades of experience investing in, building and growing companies in our target sectors and markets.
4
Table of Contents
        Dr. Cheng Chi Kong (Adrian), our Founder, is the Executive Vice-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NWD, a Hong Kong-based conglomerate focused on property development, financial services and technology, and an executive director of NWS Holdings Limited (HKEx: 0659) and CTF Jewellery. In addition, Dr. Cheng is a director of Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited and Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited, both of which are substantial shareholders of NWD. Dr. Cheng oversees the strategic direction for NWD, launched NWD's The Artisanal Movement in January 2015 and is currently overseeing NWD's large-scale developments, including the Victoria Dockside and 11 Skies. As a prominent and renowned investor with extensive experience and well-established track record, Dr. Cheng was awarded "Top 10 China's Most Influential Investor" and "Top 10 China's ESG Investor" by FOF Weekly in 2019 and 2020, respectively, and has been acknowledged as one of the "40 Under 40" global business stars by Fortune and a "Young Global Leader" by the World Economic Forum in 2012. Dr. Cheng is also the chairman of China Young Leaders Foundation, the honorary chairman of K11 Art Foundation, a Justice of the Peace appointed by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and an Officier in the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres of the Republic of France. Dr. Cheng holds a Bachelor of Arts degree (cum laude) from Harvard University and was conferred an Honorary Doctorate of Humanities by the Savannah College of Art and Design in 2014. Dr. Cheng worked in a major international bank prior to joining NWD in September 2006 and has substantial experience in corporate finance.
        Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (Ben), our Chief Executive Officer and Director, is currently the Managing Partner at C Ventures, where he leads its sought-after deals and actively engages in major venture capital and private equity investments across the sectors of healthcare, consumer and technology. Named as "China's Top 20 Most Outstanding Investor" by Lieyun.com in 2020, Mr. Cheng has helped execute many investments in the aforementioned "unicorns", such as Xpeng Motors, NIO, JD Logistics, Gojek, FTA, Xiaohongshu and Pony.ai. Under Mr. Cheng's leadership, C Ventures also invested in GritWorld, a 3D visual graphics rendering engine, and the investment was awarded ChinaVenture's "Top 10 AI & Big Data Deals" in 2019. Mr. Cheng is also a member of the Advisory Committee of Vertex SEA Fund, a subsidiary of Temasek Holdings, and a member of Venture Committee of Hong Kong Venture Capital and Private Equity Association. Mr. Cheng has also served as a General Manager at NWD since March 2016. Prior to his current roles, Mr. Cheng was an investment banker at Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Standard Chartered Bank. Mr. Cheng's deal sheet in the Greater China region includes, among others, major corporate finance transactions such as the US$510 million Hong Kong listing of WuXi Biologics (HKEx: 2269) in 2017, the US$3.3 billion take-private of WuXi PharmaTech in 2015, and Temasek's US$5.7 billion investment in Watson's in 2014 and US$2.1 billion acquisition of ING's insurance business in Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand in 2013. Mr. Cheng holds a bachelor's degree in Quantitative Finance with honors from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.
        Mr. William Keller, our independent director nominee, is an experienced professional in the pharmaceuticals industry. Mr. Keller joined Roche Group in Basel in 1972 and served from 1990 to 2003 in several marketing and General Manager positions at Roche Group in South America and Asia. From 1994 to 2003, he oversaw and established Roche in China as the General Manager of Roche China Ltd. and Shanghai Roche Pharmaceutical Ltd. He has also served as the Chairman and Honorary Chairman of Rdpac (Research based foreign Pharmaceutical Association China). In 2003, he founded Keller Pharma Consultancy, a pharmaceutical consulting firm focusing on market entry strategies for foreign biotech companies into the Chinese market and supporting biopharma start-up companies in Shanghai. He has been the Vice Chairman of the Shanghai Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment (SAEFI) and Deputy General Manager of Zhangjiang Biotech and Pharmaceutical Base Development Co. Ltd. Currently, Mr. Keller holds directorship as an independent director of WuXi Biologics (HKEx: 2269), Hua Medicine (HKEx: 2552) and Cathay Biotech, an industrial biotechnology company listed on the STAR board. Previously, he served as the Chairman of Coland Holdings (Taiwan Stock Exchange: 4144) and as an independent director at Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., (NASDAQ: ALXN), China Nuokang Bio Pharmaceutical Inc., and Fosun
5
Table of Contents
Pharmaceutical Co. ltd. He was also a supervisor and board member of TaiGen Biopharmaceuticals Holding Limited (Taiwan Stock Exchange: 4157) and the Chairman of HBM Biomed China Partners. Since 2014, Mr. Keller has been living in Switzerland. Mr. Keller is an Honorary Citizen of Shanghai.
        Mr. Mitch Garber, C.M., our independent director nominee, is a Canadian attorney, business executive and philanthropist. Mr. Garber has served as the Chairman of Invest in Canada, a Canadian federal government agency responsible for foreign investment since March 2018. Mr. Garber has served as the Chairman of Cirque du Soleil from August 2015 to September 2020 and participated in the TPG-led buyout of Cirque in 2016. From 2013 to 2017, Mr. Garber was the President and CEO of Caesars Acquisition Company, where he led the acquisition of Playtika, an Israeli firm that pioneered free-to-play games on social networks and mobile platforms, which was one of the most successful acquisitions in the social and mobile games industry and the third-largest sale in the history of Israeli-based companies at the time. Mr. Garber also served as the CEO of PartyGaming Plc/PartyBwin from 2006 to 2008 and the CEO of Optimal Payments/Paysafe from 2003 to 2006. Mr. Garber is currently a board member of the Seattle Kraken of the NHL, Rackspace, LANVIN, Wolford, Shutterfly and Aiola. In addition, Mr. Garber has successfully led companies on Nasdaq, Toronto, and London stock exchanges as well as private companies controlled by private equity firms TPG and Apollo. Mr. Garber holds an undergraduate degree from McGill University, a law degree from the University of Ottawa and an honorary doctorate from the University of Ottawa. Mr. Garber was awarded the Order of Canada in 2019.
        Mr. Fan (Frank) Yu, our independent director nominee, is the founder, CEO and CIO of Ally Bridge Group, a global healthcare-focused, multi-strategy investment group with a portfolio of healthcare investments in the U.S., China and Europe. Mr. Yu carries a strong track record as an investment manager and dealmaker across multiple funds, strategies and geographies encompassing the U.S., China and Europe. Mr. Yu completed his university education and started his career in New York before working in Hong Kong for over two decades. Previously, Mr. Yu was Managing Director and Head of China Investments at Och-Ziff Capital Management ("OZ"), a leading global hedge fund. Prior to OZ, Mr. Yu was a Managing Director at Goldman Sachs in Hong Kong, where he headed several business units and played instrumental roles in significant restructuring, financing and M&A transactions of leading Chinese companies. Mr. Yu also advised leading global institutions on their China and Asia strategies and transactions. Before Goldman Sachs, Mr. Yu worked at Moody's in New York, and then Credit Suisse in London and Hong Kong. Since 2010, Mr. Yu has founded, launched and managed multiple funds covering venture, growth, buyout and hedge fund investing from China to the U.S. to Europe. Mr. Yu excels in originating and executing major investment themes such as global life science investing, which has become the primary focus of Mr. Yu and ABG, creating significant deals such as the landmark $3.3 billion take-private of WuXi Pharmatech from NYSE in 2015, and leading the $300 million Series-C investment in GRAIL in 2018. He has expertise in cementing strategic transactions between emerging players and industry leaders across the U.S., China and Europe.
        Mr. Sean O'Neill, our independent director nominee, is the Chief Digital Officer of Dr. Martens (LSE: DOCS), a British footwear and clothing brand. Dr. Martens was founded in 1947 and has recently completed its listing on the London Stock Exchange in January 2021, at a value of £3.7 billion. Mr. O'Neill joined Dr. Martens in April 2018 as Global Chief Digital Officer and simultaneously joined Dr. Martens' Global Leadership Team on appointment, spearheading the digital transformation of the Company and shifting a wholesale-dominated business to become a Direct-to-Consumer business. Mr. O'Neill has a proven track record of turning around consumer-based businesses by developing strategies and implementing operational excellence across digital, retail and other functions across a company. Mr. O'Neill completed his university education in the United States (Boston University), and since then has had an international career, including working in Latin America, Asia, Europe and the United States. Prior to joining Dr. Martens, Mr. O'Neill was the Group Chief Operating Officer at Sun
6
Table of Contents
Capital Partners, overseeing all of the fund's global consumer portfolio companies. Before that, Mr. O'Neill was an Operational Advisor at Lion Capital, specializing in improving the portfolio's digital, retail and wholesale channels, and has held operating roles with Gucci Group, Burberry, AllSaints and H&M. Mr. O'Neill started his career in finance, working at Merrill Lynch as an investment banker with the consumer products group, and has held roles managing investments for Advent International and Grupo Ferre Rangel. Mr. O'Neill has a combined experience of finance and operational experience, which has been built from learning from the ground up, and has worked across all regions of the world.
        With respect to the above, the past performance of our management team or of Dr. Cheng, NWD, C Ventures or their respective affiliates or related entities is not a guarantee either of (i) success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical records or performance of any of the parties listed above as indicative of our future performance. For more information on the experience and background of our management team, see the section entitled "Management".
        We believe our ability to complete an initial business combination will be enhanced by our having entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which the anchor investors have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares plus 1,500,000 redeemable warrants for a purchase price of $10.00 per Class A ordinary share, or $60,000,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. We believe this committed capital will provide us with greater certainty to complete a business combination with potential sellers. The proceeds from the sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-business combination company. These purchases will be made regardless of whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by our public shareholders and are intended to provide us with a minimum funding level for our initial business combination. The anchor investors will not have the ability to approve the initial business combination prior to the signing of a material definitive agreement and, if we seek shareholder approval, have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of the initial business combination. The forward purchase securities will be issued only in connection with the closing of the initial business combination.
Business Strategy
        Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or prospects focusing on high-growth global healthcare, consumer and technology sectors that complement, and can benefit from, the experience and operational expertise of our management team. Our selection process will leverage the broad and deep network of relationships, unique industry expertise and proven deal-sourcing capabilities of our management team, which we believe will provide us with a strong pipeline of potential targets. Our management team has:
•
Experience in sourcing deals globally through their strong proprietary network both in Greater China and across the world, such as their access to influential investors and business families globally. This network can catalyze complementary and synergistic growth within our sponsor's diversified and all-rounded portfolio ecosystem, which fits seamlessly with our long-term vision and growth strategy

•
Unparalleled access to strategic global resources, which, coupled with proven in-depth operational expertise and know-how, business scale, geographic familiarity and market intelligence, enables us to position targets for entry and growth into the Greater China market, as well as from Greater China into international markets
7
Table of Contents
•
A well-established track record of sourcing, structuring and acquiring uniquely attractive investment opportunities and innovative, high-growth and disruptive successful businesses, especially in key markets such as Greater China

•
Access to capital, including capital sources across various business cycles in both Greater China and globally, which could be used to finance businesses and assist them with the transition to public ownership and thereafter
        Following the completion of this offering, we will begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities.
Business Combination Criteria
        Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.
•
Focus on targets in the global healthcare, consumer and technology sectors.  Leveraging the extensive experience and consistent track record of our Founder and management team in the healthcare, consumer and technology sectors, we believe we have unparalleled access to investment opportunities and a competitive advantage in our ability to negotiate a business combination with potential targets in such sectors. Under the guidance of one of the most influential and visionary investors in the Greater China region, we are well-positioned to identify attractive investment opportunities by utilizing our management team's proprietary network, regional resources and market intelligence, especially in Greater China.

•
Targets with high growth potential and disruptive technologies and products.  We intend to target companies with high growth potential and a disruptive business model that focuses on the next generation of consumers. Our management team's robust experience in catalyzing the growth potential in disruptive business provides us with strong know-how in sourcing and evaluating potential targets in the new economy sectors.

•
Targets with synergies with our sponsor's ecosystem.  We intend to target high-growth businesses that would fit well into the business strategy and development plans of the wider investment portfolio of Dr. Cheng, the Cheng family and our management team, both geographically and directionally, which we believe will create opportunities to enhance revenue and operational synergies of the target business.

•
Experienced and focused management team.  We intend to seek targets with an established management team that is committed to Asia and that is complementary to our management team and existing business ecosystem. To the extent we believe it will enhance shareholder value, we would seek to selectively supplement the existing management team of the business (including senior management) with members of our management team or with proven thought leaders in the space from our network.
        These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC.
8
Table of Contents
Our Acquisition Process
        In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team's operational and capital planning experience.
        Each of our officer and directors will, directly or indirectly, own founder shares and/or private placement warrants following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
        Further, such officer and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officer and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
        Each of our officer, directors and director nominees presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer, director or director nominee is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officer or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us and we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company and it is an opportunity that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
Initial Business Combination
        So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80% of fair market value test. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed initial business combination will provide public shareholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80% of fair market value test, as well as the
9
Table of Contents
basis for our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company's business, if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company's assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80% of fair market value test, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed initial business combination will include such opinion.
        We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80% of fair market value test.
        To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
        The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a
10
Table of Contents
prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.
Other Considerations
        We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officer or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officer or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
        We currently do not have any specific business combination under consideration. Our officer and directors have neither individually selected nor considered a target business nor have they had any substantive discussions regarding possible target businesses among themselves or with our underwriters or other advisors. Our management team is regularly made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination, but we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to a business combination transaction with our company. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, taken any substantive measure, directly or indirectly, to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us, nor have we engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any such acquisition candidate.
        Our sponsor, officer and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officer and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
Corporate Information
        Our executive offices are located at 71 Fort Street, PO Box 500, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, KY1-1106. We maintain a corporate website at                        . The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.
        We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cabinet Office of the Cayman Islands that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 30 years from February 8, 2021, no law which is thereafter enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of
11
Table of Contents
dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.
        We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies," including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
        In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
        We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to "emerging growth company" have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.
        Additionally, we are a "smaller reporting company" as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million as of the end of that year's second fiscal quarter or (2) our annual revenues are less than $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million as of the end of that year's second fiscal quarter.
12
Table of Contents
 

The Offering
        In deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled "Risk Factors" of this prospectus.
Securities offered
  30,000,000 units (or 34,500,000 units if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of:
  •
one Class A ordinary share; and
  •
one-third of one redeemable warrant.
Proposed Nasdaq symbols
  Units: "ARTAU"
  Class A ordinary shares: "ARTA"
  Warrants: "ARTAW"
Trading commencement and separation of Class A ordinary shares and warrants
  The units are expected to begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Credit Suisse and UBS Investment Bank inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the Class A ordinary shares and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.
  Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after the completion of our initial business combination.
Separate trading of the Class A ordinary shares and warrants is prohibited until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K
  In no event will the Class A ordinary shares and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering. If the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option.
13
Table of Contents
Units:
    Number outstanding before this offering
  0
Number outstanding after this offering
  30,000,000(1)
Ordinary shares:
    Number outstanding before this offering
  10,125,000(2)(3)
Number outstanding after this offering
  39,000,000(1)(2)(4)
Warrants:
    Number of private placement warrants to be sold in a private placement simultaneously with this offering
  5,333,333(1)
Number of warrants to be outstanding after this offering and the sale of private placement warrants
  15,333,333(1)
Exercisability
  Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share, subject to adjustment as described herein. Only whole warrants are exercisable.
  We structured each unit to contain one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, as compared to units issued by some other similar blank check companies which contain whole warrants exercisable for one whole share, in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon the completion of our initial business combination as compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses.
(1)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option.

(2)
Founder shares are currently classified as Class B ordinary shares, which shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described below adjacent to the caption "Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights" and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination.

(3)
Includes 1,125,000 founder shares that are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor. Also includes 1,500,000 founder shares issued in connection with the forward purchase agreements we entered into prior to this offering, which represent the adjustment to the ratio applicable to the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares that our sponsor would have been entitled to at closing of the business combination as a result of the issuance of 6,000,000 additional Class A ordinary shares under the forward purchase agreements. As a result, the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the forward purchase agreements at closing of the business combination will not trigger a further adjustment to this ratio.

(4)
Includes 30,000,000 public shares and 9,000,000 founder shares, assuming 1,125,000 founder shares have been forfeited.
14
Table of Contents
Exercise price
  $11.50 per share, subject to adjustments as described herein. In addition, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the "Newly Issued Price"), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the "Market Value") is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to "Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00" and "Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00" will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to the caption "Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00" will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
Exercise period
  The warrants will become exercisable on the later of:
  •
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination; and
  •
12 months from the closing of this offering;
  provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement, including as a result of a notice of redemption described below under "Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00"). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
15
Table of Contents
  We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities law at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement, provided that, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a "covered security" under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a "cashless basis" in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a "cashless basis" in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
  The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account.
Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00
  Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):
  •
in whole and not in part;
  •
at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
  •
upon a minimum of 30 days' prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the "30-day redemption period;" and
16
Table of Contents
  •
if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the "closing price") of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Anti-dilution Adjustments") for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
  We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. The forward purchase warrants will be redeemable on the same terms as the warrants offered as part of the units.
  Except as set forth below, none of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00
  Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants:
  •
in whole and not in part;
  •
at a price of $0.10 per warrant, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table set forth under "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants" based on the redemption date and the "fair market value" of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described in "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants;"
  •
upon a minimum of 30 days' prior written notice of redemption;
  •
if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Anti-dilution Adjustments") for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and
17
Table of Contents
  •
if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Anti-dilution Adjustments"), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above.
  The "fair market value" of our Class A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10 trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment).
  No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon redemption. If, upon redemption, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. Please see the section entitled "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants" for additional information.
18
Table of Contents
Forward purchase agreements
  Prior to this offering, we entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which the anchor investors agreed to subscribe for an aggregate of 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares plus 1,500,000 redeemable warrants for a purchase price of $10.00 multiplied by the number of Class A ordinary shares, or $60,000,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement to close concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. We issued 1,500,000 additional Class B ordinary shares to our sponsor, which represent the adjustment to the ratio applicable to the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares that our sponsor would have been entitled to at the closing of our initial business combination as a result of the issuance of 6,000,000 additional Class A ordinary shares under the forward purchase agreements. As a result, the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares at the closing of our initial business combination will not trigger a further adjustment to this ratio. Further, prior to this offering, our sponsor transferred to the anchor investors an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares for no cash consideration. Subject to certain exceptions to forfeiture and transfer provisions, the founder shares transferred in connection with these agreements are subject to similar contractual conditions and restrictions as the founder shares issued to our sponsor in connection with this offering. The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms as our public warrants. Under the terms of the forward purchase agreements, if an anchor investor fails to close on its obligation to purchase forward purchase securities at the time of the initial business combination, such anchor investor will be contractually required to forfeit the amount of founder shares transferred to it on a pro rata basis, and our sponsor has agreed to forfeit the incremental 750,000 founder shares to the same extent as the 750,000 founder shares transferred to the anchor investors to maintain the 20% ratio of the Class B ordinary shares (prior to giving effect to their conversion at closing of the initial business combination) against the total number of ordinary shares outstanding.
  The forward purchase agreements provide that the anchor investors are entitled to registration rights with respect to the forward purchase securities and Class A ordinary shares underlying the forward purchase warrants and founder shares. Please see "Description of Securities—Registration and Shareholder Rights" for additional information.
  The proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-business combination company. These purchases will be required to be made regardless of whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by our public shareholders and are intended to provide us with a minimum funding level for our initial business combination. The anchor investors will not have the ability to approve the initial business combination prior to the signing of a material definitive agreement and, if we seek shareholder approval, have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of the initial business combination. The forward purchase securities will be issued only in connection with the closing of the initial business combination.
19
Table of Contents
Founder shares
  On February 4, 2021, our sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001. Following a share capitalization on March 1, 2021, our sponsor held an aggregate of 10,125,000 founder shares and then, in connection with entering into the forward purchase agreements, transferred to the anchor investors an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares for no cash consideration. These 750,000 founder shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised. On March 8, 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors. These 100,000 founder shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization, a share surrender or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements. Up to 1,125,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor, depending on the extent to which the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised.
  The founder shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering, except that:
  •
prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason;
  •
the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;
20
Table of Contents
  •
our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe). If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders' founder shares, we would need 10,500,001, or 35.0% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised) of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved;
  •
the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described below adjacent to the caption "Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights" and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; and
  •
the founder shares are entitled to registration rights.
21
Table of Contents
Transfer restrictions on founder shares
  Except as described herein, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares.
Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights
  The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares, which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination, at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of this offering plus the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination (including the forward purchase shares, but not the forward purchase warrants), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.
22
Table of Contents
Appointment of directors; Voting rights
  Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company which shall include the affirmative vote of holders of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote.
Private placement warrants
  Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 5,333,333 private placement warrants (or 5,933,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($8,000,000 in the aggregate or $8,900,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable by us (except as set forth under "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00") and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees (see "Description of Securities—Warrants—Private Placement Warrants"). If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering.
Transfer restrictions on private placement warrants
  The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as described herein under "Principal Shareholders—Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants."
23
Table of Contents
Cashless exercise of private placement warrants
  If holders of private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, except as described under "Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00," they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the "sponsor fair market value" (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the sponsor fair market value. The "sponsor fair market value" shall mean the average last reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time.
Proceeds to be held in trust account
  Of the proceeds we will receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, $300,000,000, or $345,000,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per unit in either case), will be deposited into a segregated trust account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. The proceeds to be placed in the trust account include $10,500,000 (or $12,075,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions.
24
Table of Contents
  Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as discussed below and subject to the requirements of law and regulation, will provide that the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account (1) to us, until the completion of our initial business combination, or (2) to our public shareholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public shareholders.
Anticipated expenses and funding sources
  Except as described above with respect to the payment of taxes, unless and until we complete our initial business combination, no proceeds held in the trust account will be available for our use. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year, we estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $300,000 per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, we may pay our expenses only from:
  •
the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not held in the trust account, which will be approximately $1,000,000 in working capital after the payment of approximately $1,000,000 in non-reimbursed expenses relating to this offering; and
25
Table of Contents
  •
any loans or additional investments from our sponsor, its affiliates, our officer or certain of our directors, although they are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances, and provided any such loans will not have any claim on the proceeds held in the trust account unless such proceeds are released to us upon the completion of our initial business combination.
Conditions to completing our initial business combination
  So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Our shareholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80% of fair market value test.
  We will complete our initial business combination only if the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or is otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of fair market value test, provided that in the event that the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable.
26
Table of Contents
Permitted purchases and other transactions with respect to our securities
  If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See "Proposed Business—Effecting Our Initial Business Combination—Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities" for a description of how our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction.
  The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public "float" of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
27
Table of Contents
Redemption rights for public shareholders upon the completion of our initial business combination
  We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.
28
Table of Contents
Limitations on redemptions
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC's "penny stock" rules). However, a greater net tangible asset or cash requirement may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. Furthermore, although we will not redeem shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to fall below $5,000,001, we do not have a maximum redemption threshold based on the percentage of shares sold in this offering, as many blank check companies do. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination or seek to revise the terms of such business combination. In addition, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests in connection with an amendment we seek to make to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001, we would not proceed with such amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time.
Manner of conducting redemptions
  We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval, while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons.
29
Table of Contents
  If we hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will:
  •
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and
  •
file proxy materials with the SEC.
  If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if holders of one-third of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders' founder shares, we would need 10,500,001, or 35.0% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised) of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. The quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial shareholders will make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed initial business combination or vote at all. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require that at least five days' notice will be given of any such general meeting.
  If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:
  •
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and
  •
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
  Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
30
Table of Contents
  In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination.
Limitation on redemption rights of shareholders holding more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering if we hold shareholder vote
  Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder's shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders' ability to redeem to no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders' ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those shareholders that hold more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering) for or against our initial business combination.
31
Table of Contents
Release of funds in trust account on closing of our initial business combination
  On the completion of our initial business combination, the funds held in the trust account will be disbursed directly by the trustee to pay amounts due to any public shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights as described above adjacent to the caption "Redemption rights for public shareholders upon the completion of our initial business combination," to pay the underwriters their deferred underwriting commissions, to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt or not all of the funds released to us from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or the redemption of our public shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for the maintenance or expansion of operations of post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
Redemption of public shares and distribution and liquidation if no initial business combination
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination (or such extended time beyond 24 months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association). If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders' rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
32
Table of Contents
  Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe).
  The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commissions held in the trust account in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
  Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described above adjacent to the caption "Limitations on redemptions." For example, our board of directors may propose such an amendment if it determines that additional time is necessary to complete our initial business combination. In such event, we will conduct a proxy solicitation and distribute proxy materials pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act seeking shareholder approval of such proposal and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon shareholder approval of such amendment. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, officer, director, director nominee or any other person. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 following such redemptions.
  Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.
33
Table of Contents
Limited payments to insiders
  There will be no finder's fees, reimbursements or cash payments made by the company to our sponsor, officer or directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:
  •
Repayment of up to an aggregate of $300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses;
  •
Reimbursement for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us by an affiliate of our sponsor, in the amount of $10,000 per month;
  •
Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination; and
  •
Repayment of loans that may be made by our sponsor, its affiliates, our officer or certain of our directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
  Any such payments will be made either (i) prior to our initial business combination using proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held outside the trust account or from loans made to us by our sponsor, its affiliates, our officer or certain of our directors or (ii) in connection with or after the consummation of our initial business combination.
Audit committee
  We will establish and maintain an audit committee, which will be composed entirely of independent directors. Among its responsibilities, the audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officer or directors, or their respective affiliates, and monitor compliance with the other terms relating to this offering. If any noncompliance is identified, then the audit committee will be charged with the responsibility to promptly take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise to cause compliance with the terms of this offering. For more information, see the section entitled "Management—Committees of the Board of Directors—Audit Committee."
34
Table of Contents

Summary Risk Factors
        An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled "Risk Factors," alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to:
•
We are a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

•
Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the target business we may acquire.

•
Our independent registered public accounting firm's report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a "going concern."

•
Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination.

•
Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

•
If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

•
The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.

•
The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.

•
The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

•
The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

•
Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.

•
We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.
35
Table of Contents
•
If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public "float" of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.

•
If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

•
You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

•
Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors' ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

•
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

•
If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a ``group" of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares.

•
Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

•
If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months following the closing of this offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.
36
Table of Contents

SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA
        The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented.
 
  As of
February 4, 2021  
 
  Actual   As Adjusted  
Balance Sheet Data:
              Working capital (deficiency)(1)
  $ (32,750 ) $ 290,519,500  
Total assets(2)
  $ 52,250   $ 301,019,500  
Total liabilities(3)
  $ 32,750   $ 10,500,000  
Value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption(4)
  $ —   $ 285,519,490  
Shareholder's equity(5)
  $ 19,500   $ 5,000,010  
(1)
The "as adjusted" calculation includes $300,000,000 of cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, plus $1,000,000 of cash held outside the trust account, plus $19,500 of actual shareholder's equity as of February 4, 2021, less $10,500,000 of deferred underwriting commissions.

(2)
The "as adjusted" calculation includes $300,000,000 of cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, plus $1,000,000 in cash held outside the trust account, plus $19,500 of actual shareholder's equity as of February 4, 2021.

(3)
The "as adjusted" calculation includes $10,500,000 of deferred underwriting commissions, assuming the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised.

(4)
The "as adjusted" calculation includes the "as adjusted" total assets, less the "as adjusted" total liabilities, less the "as adjusted" shareholder's equity, which is set to approximate the minimum net tangible assets threshold of at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination.

(5)
Excludes 28,551,949 Class A ordinary shares sold in the offering which are subject to redemption in connection with our initial business combination. The "as adjusted" calculation includes the "as adjusted" total assets, less the "as adjusted" total liabilities, less the value of ordinary shares that may be redeemed in connection with our initial business combination ($10.00 per share).
37
Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS
        An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks
         We are a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
        We are a blank check company newly incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
         Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the target business we may acquire.
        Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward.
         Our independent registered public accounting firm's report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a "going concern."
        As of February 4, 2021, we had no cash and a working capital deficit of $32,750. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management's plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern.
         Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination.
        We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by
38
Table of Contents
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete.
        Please see the section entitled "Proposed Business—Effecting Our Initial Business Combination—Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination" for additional information.
         Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
        At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination.
         If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.
        Our initial shareholders will own, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements. Our initial shareholders also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if holders of one-third of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders' founder shares, we would need 10,500,001, or 35.0% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised) of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the quorum and voting thresholds and the agreement by our initial shareholders to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination.
39
Table of Contents
         The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.
        We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC's "penny stock" rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination or seek to revise the terms of such business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us.
         The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
        At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and, after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.
         The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.
        If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.
40
Table of Contents
         The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.
        Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business then we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
         Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.
        In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a "Public Health Emergency of International Concern" on January 30, 2020 and a "pandemic" on March 11, 2020. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel and limit our ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company's personnel, vendors and services providers and to consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
        In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity.
         We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.
        We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business
41
Table of Contents
combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders' rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only $10.00 per public share, or less than $10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See "—If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per public share" and other risk factors herein.
         If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public "float" of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.
        If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public "float" of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may
42
Table of Contents
be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See "Proposed Business—Effecting Our Initial Business Combination—Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities" for a description of how our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction.
         If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.
        We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See "Proposed Business—Effecting Our Initial Business Combination—Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights."
         You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
        Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants also will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
43
Table of Contents
         Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors' ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
        We intend to apply to have our units listed on Nasdaq on the date of this prospectus and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants on or promptly after their date of separation. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally $2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders).
        Additionally, our units will not be traded after the completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq's initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq.
        For instance, in order for our Class A ordinary shares to be listed upon the consummation of our initial business combination, at such time, our share price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share, our shareholders' equity would generally be required to be at least $5.0 million and we would be required to have at least 300 round lot holders (with at least 50% of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least $2,500).
        If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
•
a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

•
reduced liquidity for our securities;

•
a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a "penny stock," which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;

•
a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

•
a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
        The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as "covered securities." Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.
44
Table of Contents
         You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
        Since the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and forward purchase securities are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a "blank check" company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the completion of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if this offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see "Proposed Business—Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419."
         If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a "group" of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares.
        If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, which we refer to as the "Excess Shares," without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders' ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
         Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
        We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human
45
Table of Contents
and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See "—If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per public share" and other risk factors herein.
         As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.
        In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination.
        In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive business combinations could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.
         If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months following the closing of this offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.
        Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately $1,000,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that, upon the closing of this offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of this offering; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance
46
Table of Contents
funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a "no-shop" provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from "shopping" around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.
        In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, unless funded by the proceeds of loans available from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon the completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans made available from our sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender, which would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See "—If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per public share" and other risk factors herein.
         In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial business combination, our management may consider the availability of all of the funds from the sale of the forward purchase securities, which may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination. If the sale of some or all of the forward purchase securities fails to close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination.
        We have entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which the anchor investors have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000 forward purchase shares plus 1,500,000 redeemable warrants for a purchase price of $10.00 per forward purchase share, or $60,000,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement to close concurrently with our initial business combination. The funds from the sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-business combination company. The obligations under the forward purchase agreements do not depend on whether any public shareholders elect to redeem their shares and provide us with a minimum funding level for the initial business combination. However, if the sale of
47
Table of Contents
the forward purchase securities does not close for any reason, including by reason of the failure by some or all of the anchor investors to fund the purchase price for their forward purchase securities, for example, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination. Additionally, the anchor investors' obligations to purchase the forward purchase securities are subject to termination prior to the closing of the sale of the forward purchase securities by mutual written consent of the company and each anchor investor, or automatically: (i) if this offering is not consummated on or prior to December 31, 2021; (ii) if our initial business combination is not consummated within 24 months from the closing of this offering or an extended period; or (iii) if our sponsor or the Company becomes subject to any voluntary or involuntary petition under the United States federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law, in each case which is not withdrawn within sixty (60) days after being filed, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer is appointed by a court for business or property of us or our sponsor, in each case which is not removed, withdrawn or terminated within sixty (60) days after such appointment. The anchor investors' obligations to purchase their forward purchase securities are also subject to fulfillment of customary closing conditions, including the following: (i) our initial business combination must be consummated substantially concurrently with, and immediately following, the purchase of forward purchase securities, and (ii) the Company must have delivered to the anchor investors a certificate evidencing the company's good standing as a Cayman Islands exempted company, as of a date within ten (10) business days of the closing of the sale of forward purchase securities. In the event of any such failure to fund by an anchor investor, any obligation is so terminated or any such condition is not satisfied and not waived by an anchor investor, we may not be able to obtain additional funds to account for such shortfall on terms favorable to us, or at all. Any such shortfall would also reduce the amount of funds that we have available for working capital of the post-business combination company. While each anchor investor has represented to us that it has sufficient funds to satisfy its obligations under the respective forward purchase agreement, the anchor investors are not obligated to reserve funds for such obligations.
         If the anchor investors purchase large amounts of public shares in the open market, they may attempt to leverage their redemption rights in order to affect the outcome of a potential initial business combination.
        The anchor investors have redemption rights with respect to any public shares they own, subject to the limitation that under the Company's amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of Exchange Act), is restricted from redeeming its public shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the public shares, without the prior consent of the Company. If management proposes an initial business combination that some or all of the anchor investors are not in favor of, such anchor investors may decide to purchase public shares in the open market and seek to leverage their redemption rights to influence whether such business combination can be consummated. This could result in our having to negotiate for more favorable terms for the anchor investors, which could jeopardize our ability to successfully consummate an initial business combination.
         Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructure our operations or incur impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.
        Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence
48
Table of Contents
successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
         If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per public share.
        Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party's engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
        Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
49
Table of Contents
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
        However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and we believe that our sponsor's only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officer or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
         Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders.
        In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per public share.
         We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our officer and directors.
        We have agreed to indemnify our officer and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officer and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officer and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officer or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officer and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder's investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officer and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
50
Table of Contents
         If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.
        If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a "preferential transfer" or a "fraudulent conveyance." As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
         If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
        If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
         Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.
        If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our officer and directors who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of $18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.
         We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination.
        In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not
51
Table of Contents
be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term.
         Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business's operations.
        We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business's operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officer and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
         We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may or may not be outside of our management's area of expertise.
        We will consider a business combination outside of our management's area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management's expertise, our management's expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management's expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
52
Table of Contents
         Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
        Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
         We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.
        Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.
         Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
        The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe.
53
Table of Contents
         Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
        We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
         Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.
        Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
         We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.
        Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC's "penny stock" rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will
54
Table of Contents
be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination or seek to revise the terms of such business combination.
         In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.
        In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares (or any higher threshold specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of our company or (ii) if so authorized by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that any of its provisions (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which will require the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of the shares, including the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares, attending and voting at a quorate general meeting) may be amended if approved either by holders of at least two-thirds of the shares who, being entitled to do so attend and vote thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50% of the public warrants and forward purchase warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50% of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.
55
Table of Contents
         The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.
        Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company's shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company's shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90% and 100% of the company's shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the sale of private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65% of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company which shall include the affirmative vote of holders of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
        Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
56
Table of Contents
previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officer, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.
         We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
        Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and forward purchase securities will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and forward purchase securities prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase public shares or warrants in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officer, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.
         We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results.
        We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.
        To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large, complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve
57
Table of Contents
our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.
         We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
        When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business's management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business's management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business's management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
         We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders' investment in us.
        Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following this offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officer and directors have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
•
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

•
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

•
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

•
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

•
our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

•
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

•
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

•
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
58
Table of Contents
•
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
         We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business that may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
        The net proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and forward purchase securities will provide us with up to $350,500,000 (or $393,925,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the $10,500,000, or $12,075,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full, of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated non-reimbursed expenses of this offering).
        We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities that may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
•
solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

•
dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
        This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.
         We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
        If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
59
Table of Contents
         We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
        In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
         We may engage the underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after this offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust account only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause the underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after this offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.
        We may engage the underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after this offering, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriters or their respective affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm's length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriter or its affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to the underwriter or its affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters' compensation in connection with this offering. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriters or their respective affiliates' financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.
Risks Relating to our Securities
         The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
        The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, $100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
60
Table of Contents
         If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
        If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may be subject to burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment company with the SEC, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure, and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to.
        In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading "investment securities" constituting more than 40% of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-business combination company or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.
        We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States "government securities" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. This offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
61
Table of Contents
         Our sponsor contributed $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per founder share and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares.
        The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the Class A ordinary share and none to the warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per Class A ordinary share after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon closing of this offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, you and the other public shareholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 95.2% (or $9.52 per share) assuming no exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option, the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $0.48 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per unit. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares.
         We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after the completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.
        Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will authorize the issuance of up to 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, 30,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 3,000,000 preference shares, par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering, there will be 270,000,000 and 21,000,000 (assuming in each case that the underwriters have not exercised their over-allotment option) authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants and forward purchase warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares or shares issued upon the sale of the forward purchase shares. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Immediately after this offering, there will be no preference shares issued and outstanding.
        We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after the completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants" or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with public shareholders on any initial business
62
Table of Contents
combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the time the company has to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering or amend the forgoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares:
•
may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

•
may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

•
could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officer and directors;

•
may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

•
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and

•
may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.
         Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination.
        The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of this offering plus the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination (including the forward purchase shares, but not the forward purchase warrants), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.
         We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.
        We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant
63
Table of Contents
agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise that represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a "covered security" under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a "cashless basis" in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential "upside" of the holder's investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in this offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our officer and directors) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.
64
Table of Contents
         We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding public warrants and forward purchase warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.
        Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding public warrants and forward purchase warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding public warrants and forward purchase warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50% of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50% of the then-outstanding public warrants and forward purchase warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.
         Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.
        Our warrant agreement will provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Accordingly, our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and holders of our warrants will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
65
Table of Contents
District of New York (a "foreign action") in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an "enforcement action"), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder's counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.
        This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.
         We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.
        We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Anti-dilution Adjustments") for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.
        In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days' prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Anti-dilution Adjustments") for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. Please see "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00." The value received upon exercise of the warrants (i) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (ii) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.
66
Table of Contents
        None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us (except as set forth under "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00") so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
         Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.
        We will be issuing warrants to purchase 10,000,000 of our Class A ordinary shares (or up to 11,500,000 Class A ordinary shares if the underwriter's over-allotment option is exercised in full) as part of the units offered by this prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of this offering, we will be issuing in a private placement an aggregate of 5,333,333 private placement warrants (or 5,933,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. We will also issue 1,500,000 forward purchase warrants concurrently with the sale of the forward purchase shares. In addition, if our sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to $1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of $1.50 per warrant.
        To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.
         Because each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.
        Each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon the completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share.
         A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.
        Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115%
67
Table of Contents
of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described below under "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00" and "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00" will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price described below under "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00" will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.
         The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company.
        Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the units, including the Class A ordinary shares and warrants underlying the units, include:
•
the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;

•
prior offerings of those companies;

•
our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;

•
a review of debt-to-equity ratios in leveraged transactions;

•
our capital structure;

•
an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;

•
general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and

•
other factors as were deemed relevant.
        Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results.
         There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
        There is currently no market for our securities. Shareholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.
68
Table of Contents
         Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.
        Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment and removal of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
         An investment in this offering may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.
        An investment in this offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in this offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-third of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we are issuing in this offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares would suspend the running of a U.S. Holder's (as defined below in "Taxation—United States Federal Income Tax Considerations—General")holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered "qualified dividends" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See the section titled "Taxation—United States Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.
         Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited.
        We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our officer or directors, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our officer or directors.
        Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedents in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In
69
Table of Contents
addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States.
        We have been advised by Appleby, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.
        As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.
         Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on Nasdaq, Nasdaq may consider us to be a "controlled company" within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.
        After the completion of this offering, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a "controlled company" within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a "controlled company" and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:
•
we have a board that includes a majority of "independent directors," as defined under the rules of Nasdaq;

•
we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities; and

•
we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities.
        We intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.
70
Table of Contents
         If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such period before redemption from our trust account.
        If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they can receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.
         Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination.
        Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination.
         The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time.
        In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination.
71
Table of Contents
         The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.
        Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of this offering and the forward purchase agreements, our initial shareholders can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants, the forward purchase warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, forward purchase warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. We will bear the costs of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale.
         We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders.
        We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.
Risks Relating to our sponsor and Management Team
         Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
        Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
72
Table of Contents
         Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
        Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel's retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor, upon and following the consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement, which is described under the section of this prospectus entitled "Description of Securities—Registration and Shareholder Rights."
         The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon the completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target's key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
        The role of an acquisition candidate's key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate's management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
         Our officer and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
        Our officer and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officer and directors is engaged in, or may in the future engage in, several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officer and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officer's and directors' other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officer's and directors' other business affairs, please see "Management—Officer, Directors and Director Nominees."
73
Table of Contents
         Each of our officer, directors and director nominees presently is, and any of them in the future may become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
        Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officer, directors and director nominees presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. For example, Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (Ben), our Chief Executive Officer and Director, is currently the Managing Partner at C Ventures, where he leads its sought-after deals and actively engages in major venture capital and private equity investments across the sectors of healthcare, consumer and technology. Dr. Cheng Chi Kong (Adrian), our Founder, is also the Founding Partner of C Ventures. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
        In addition, our sponsor, officer and directors may in the future become affiliated with, and are not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved in, other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours, including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officer and directors may also become aware of business opportunities appropriate for presentation to us and other entities to which they owe fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officer's and directors' fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company and it is an opportunity that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
         Our officer, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.
        We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our officer, directors, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our officer or directors, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.
        The personal and financial interests of our officer and directors may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently,
74
Table of Contents
our officer's and directors' discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in the best interests of the company. If our officer or directors breach their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law, we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders' rights. See the section titled "Description of Securities—Certain Differences in Corporate Law—Shareholders' Suits" for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.
         We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officer, directors or initial shareholders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
        In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officer and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses or entities affiliated with our sponsor, officer, directors or initial shareholders. Members of our management team also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under "Management—Conflicts of Interest." Our sponsor, officer and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officer and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in "Proposed Business—Effecting Our Initial Business Combination—Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination" and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officer, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.
         Since our sponsor, officer and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after this offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
        On February 4, 2021, our sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001. Following a share capitalization on March 1, 2021, our sponsor held an aggregate of 10,125,000 founder shares and then, in connection with entering into the forward purchase agreements, transferred to the anchor investors an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares for no cash consideration. These 750,000 founder shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised. On March 8, 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors. These 100,000 founder shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. If we increase or decrease the size
75
Table of Contents
of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization, a share surrender or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 5,333,333 private placement warrants (or 5,933,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($8,000,000 in the aggregate or $8,900,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our officer and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of this offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination.
         Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
        We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion the company's shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.
         Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
        Upon closing of this offering, our initial shareholders will own, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any units
76
Table of Contents
in this offering or if our sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officer or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our "staggered" board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.
         After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our officers and directors will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States. Therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.
        It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our officers and directors will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our officers or directors or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our officers and directors under United States laws.
         We are dependent upon our officer and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.
        Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officer and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officer and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officer and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officer or directors.
        The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our officer or directors could have a detrimental effect on us.
         Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result, certain of those persons may have been, and may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business affairs of the companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination.
        During the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons may have been, and may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings arising out of or relating to the
77
Table of Contents
business affairs of such companies or transactions entered into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team's and board's attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination.
Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries
         If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.
        If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
        If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:
•
costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

•
rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

•
complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

•
laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

•
exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

•
tariffs and trade barriers;

•
regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

•
local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

•
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

•
longer payment cycles;

•
tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

•
currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

•
rates of inflation;

•
challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

•
cultural and language differences;

•
employment regulations;

•
underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

•
corruption;

•
protection of intellectual property;
78
Table of Contents
•
social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

•
regime changes and political upheaval;

•
terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and

•
deterioration of political relations with the United States.
        We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
         If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.
        Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management may resign from their positions as officer or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues that may adversely affect our operations.
         After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.
        The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country's economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.
         Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business' ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.
        In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following the consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.
79
Table of Contents
         We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.
        In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.
         Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.
        We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.
         Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination.
        In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future.
        The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination's ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.
        In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims ("run-off insurance"). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.
80
Table of Contents
General Risk Factors
         Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
        We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.
         We are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.
        We are subject to laws and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target.
        Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.
         We may be a passive foreign investment company, or "PFIC," which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.
        If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. taxpayer that owns our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. taxpayer may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of this prospectus captioned "Taxation—United States Federal Income Tax Considerations—U.S. Holders—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules"). Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. In addition, we may be a PFIC due to a business combination with a target company that is a PFIC. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (or possibly not until after the close of the first two taxable years following our start-up year if the start-up exception applies). Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a "qualified electing fund" election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge
81
Table of Contents
U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed discussion of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders, see the section of this prospectus captioned "Taxation—United States Federal Income Tax Considerations—U.S. Holders—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules."
         We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to "emerging growth companies" or "smaller reporting companies," this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.
        We are an "emerging growth company" within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies," including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.
        Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
        Additionally, we are a "smaller reporting company" as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million as of the end of that year's second fiscal quarter or (2) our annual revenues are less than $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million as of the end of that year's second fiscal quarter.
82
Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
        Some of the statements contained in this prospectus may constitute "forward-looking statements" for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team's expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intends," "may," "might," "plan," "possible," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "would" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about:
•
our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

•
our ability to complete our initial business combination;

•
our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

•
our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officer, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

•
our officer and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

•
the proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase securities being available to us;

•
our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

•
our pool of prospective target businesses;

•
our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic;

•
the ability of our officer and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

•
our public securities' potential liquidity and trading;

•
the lack of a market for our securities;

•
the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

•
the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or

•
our financial performance following this offering.
        The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading "Risk Factors." Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
83
Table of Contents

USE OF PROCEEDS
        We are offering 30,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private placement warrants, will be used as set forth in the following table:
 
  Without
Over-allotment
Option   Over-allotment
Option
Exercised  
Gross proceeds
              Gross proceeds from units offered to public(1)
  $ 300,000,000   $ 345,000,000  
Gross proceeds from private placement warrants offered in the private placement
    8,000,000     8,900,000  
Total gross proceeds
  $ 308,000,000   $ 353,900,000  
Estimated offering expenses(2)
              Underwriting commissions (2.0% of gross proceeds from units offered to public, excluding deferred portion)(3)
  $ 6,000,000   $ 6,900,000  
Legal fees and expenses
    350,000     350,000  
Printing and engraving expenses
    20,000     20,000  
Accounting fees and expenses
    30,000     30,000  
SEC and FINRA expenses
    89,890     89,890  
Travel and road show
    20,000     20,000  
Nasdaq listing and filing fees
    75,000     75,000  
Director & officer liability insurance premiums
    400,000     400,000  
Miscellaneous
    15,110     15,110  
Total estimated offering expenses
  $ 1,000,000   $ 1,000,000  
Proceeds after estimated reimbursed offering expenses
  $ 301,000,000   $ 346,000,000  
Held in trust account(3)
  $ 300,000,000   $ 345,000,000  
% of public offering size
    100 %   100 %
Not held in trust account
  $ 1,000,000   $ 1,000,000  
        The following table shows the use of the estimated $1,000,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account.(4)(5)
 
  Amount   % of
Total  
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other expenses in connection with any business combination(6)
  $ 300,000     30.0 %
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations
    75,000     7.5 %
Payment for office space, administrative and support services
    240,000     24.0 %
Nasdaq continued listing fees
    116,000     11.6 %
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses and reserves
    269,000     26.9 %
Total
  $ 1,000,000     100.0 %
(1)
Includes amounts payable to public shareholders who properly redeem their shares in connection with the successful completion of our initial business combination.
84
Table of Contents
(2)
A portion of the offering expenses will be paid from the proceeds of loans from our sponsor of up to $300,000 as described in this prospectus. As of February 4, 2021, we had not borrowed any amount under the promissory note with our sponsor. These amounts will be repaid upon the completion of this offering out of the offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions) and not to be held in the trust account. In the event that offering expenses are less than as set forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing working capital expenses. In the event that the offering expenses are more than as set forth in this table, we may fund such excess with funds not held in the trust account.

(3)
The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. Upon and concurrently with the completion of our initial business combination, $10,500,000, which constitutes the underwriters' deferred commissions (or $12,075,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust account. See "Underwriting." The remaining funds, less amounts released to the trustee to pay redeeming shareholders, will be released to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of the business or businesses with which our initial business combination occurs or for general corporate purposes, including payment of principal or interest on indebtedness incurred in connection with our initial business combination, to fund the purchases of other companies or for working capital. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting commissions.

(4)
These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of such business combination. In the event we identify a business combination target in a specific industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. The amount in the table above does not include interest available to us from the trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year, we estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $300,000 per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount.

(5)
Assumes no exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option.

(6)
Includes estimated amounts that may also be used in connection with our initial business combination to fund a "no shop" provision and commitment fees for financing.
        Of the $308,000,000 in proceeds we will receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, or $353,900,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full, $300,000,000 ($10.00 per unit), or $345,000,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per unit), will be deposited into a trust account, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, including $10,500,000, or up to $12,075,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full, in deferred underwriting compensation. We will not be permitted to withdraw any of the principal or interest held in the trust account, except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law or (iii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Based on current interest rates, we expect that interest income earned on the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our income taxes.
85
Table of Contents
        The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or the redemption of our public shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for the maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
        We believe that amounts not held in trust, together with funds available to us from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek additional capital, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, its affiliates, our officer or certain of our directors although they are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances.
        We will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team, in the amount of $10,000 per month. Upon the completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
        Prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of February 4, 2021, we had not borrowed any amount under the promissory note with our sponsor. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 and the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the offering proceeds not held in the trust account.
        Prior to this offering, we entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which the anchor investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares plus 1,500,000 redeemable warrants for a purchase price of $10.00 multiplied by the number of Class A ordinary shares, or $60,000,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement to close concurrently with our initial business combination. In connection with entering into these agreements, our sponsor transferred to the anchor investors an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares for no cash consideration. The founder shares transferred to the anchor investors are subject to similar contractual conditions and restrictions as the founder shares issued to our sponsor. The anchor investors will have redemption rights with respect to any public shares they own. The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms as our public warrants.
        The forward purchase agreements also provide that the anchor investors are entitled to registration rights with respect to (A) the forward purchase securities and Class A ordinary shares underlying the forward purchase warrants and founder shares, (B) any other Class A ordinary shares or warrants acquired by the anchor investors any time after we complete our initial business combination, and (C) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to the securities referred to in (A) and (B) by way of a share capitalization or share sub-division or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization.
        The proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-business combination company. These purchases will be required to be made regardless of whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed
86
Table of Contents
by our public shareholders and are intended to provide us with minimum funding level for our initial business combination.
        In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, its affiliates, our officer or certain of our directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
87
Table of Contents

DIVIDEND POLICY
        We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase the size of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization or other appropriate mechanism immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
88
Table of Contents

DILUTION
        The difference between the public offering price per Class A ordinary share, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are offering pursuant to this prospectus or the private placement warrants, and the pro forma net tangible book value per Class A ordinary share after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private placement warrants, which would cause the actual dilution to the public shareholders to be higher, particularly where a cashless exercise is utilized. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of Class A ordinary shares which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares.
        At February 4, 2021, our net tangible book deficit was $32,750, or approximately $(0.00) per ordinary share. After giving effect to the sale of 30,000,000 Class A ordinary shares included in the units we are offering by this prospectus (or 34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), the sale of the private placement warrants and the deduction of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at February 4, 2021 would have been $5,000,010 or $0.48 per share (or $5,000,010 or $0.43 per share if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of 28,551,949 Class A ordinary shares that may be redeemed for cash, or 32,894,449 Class A ordinary shares if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) of $0.48 per share (or $0.43 per share if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) to our sponsor as of the date of this prospectus and an immediate dilution to public shareholders from this offering of $10.00 per public share. Total dilution to public shareholders from this offering will be $9.52 per share (or $9.57 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full).
        The following table illustrates the dilution to the public shareholders on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units or the private placement warrants:
 
  Without
Over-allotment   With
Over-allotment  
Public offering price
  $ 10.00   $ 10.00  
Net tangible book deficit before this offering
    (0.00 )   (0.00 )
Increase attributable to public shareholders
    0.48     0.43  
Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants
    0.48     0.43  
Dilution to public shareholders
  $ 9.52   $ 9.57  
Percentage of dilution to public shareholders
    95.2 %   95.7 %
        For purposes of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option) by $285,519,490 because holders of up to approximately 95.2% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account as set forth in our tender offer or proxy materials (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares), subject to the limitations set forth in "Proposed Business—Effecting Our Initial Business Combination—Limitations on Redemptions").
89
Table of Contents
        The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial shareholders and the public shareholders:
 
  Shares Purchased   Total Consideration    
   
  Average
Price
per Share  
 
  Number   Percentage   Amount   Percentage  
Initial Shareholders(1)
    9,000,000     23.1 % $ 25,000     0.01 % $ 0.003  
Public Shareholders
    30,000,000     76.9 % $ 300,000,000     99.99 % $ 10.00  
    39,000,000     100.0 % $ 300,025,000     100.0 %      
(1)
Includes the 750,000 founder shares transferred to the anchor investors prior to this offering in connection with the forward purchase agreements. Assumes no exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of 1,125,000 Class B ordinary shares held by our sponsor. The total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding after this offering and the expiration of the underwriters' over-allotment option, which includes the 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares issued in connection with the forward purchase agreements, will equal 20% of the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares at such time plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements.
        The pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering (assuming that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option) is calculated as follows:
 
  Without
Over-allotment   With
Over-allotment  
Numerator:
              Net tangible book deficit before this offering
  $ (32,750 ) $ (32,750 )
Net proceeds from this offering and sale of the private placement warrants
    301,000,000     346,000,000  
Plus: Offering costs paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value
    52,250     52,250  
Less: Deferred underwriting commissions
    (10,500,000 )   (12,075,000 )
Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to redemption
    (285,519,490 )   (328,944,490 )
  $ 5,000,010   $ 5,000,010  
Denominator:
              Class B ordinary shares outstanding prior to this offering
    10,125,000     10,125,000  
Class B ordinary shares forfeited if over-allotment is not exercised
    (1,125,000 )   —  
Class A ordinary shares included in the units offered
    30,000,000     34,500,000  
Less: Shares subject to redemption
    (28,551,949 )   (32,894,449 )
    10,448,051     11,730,551  
90
Table of Contents

CAPITALIZATION
        The following table sets forth our capitalization at February 4, 2021, and as adjusted to give effect to the filing of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the sale of our units in this offering and the private placement warrants and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities:
 
  February 4, 2021  
 
  Actual   As Adjusted  
Promissory note to sponsor(1)
  $ —   $ —  
Deferred underwriting commissions
    —     10,500,000  
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; 0 and 28,551,949 shares, actual and as adjusted, respectively(2)
    —     285,519,490  
Preference shares, $0.0001 par value, 3,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted
    —     —  
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized; 0 and 1,448,051 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 0 and 28,551,949 shares subject to possible redemption), actual and as adjusted, respectively
    —     145  
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, 30,000,000 shares authorized; 10,125,000 and 9,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted, respectively(3)
    1,013     900  
Additional paid-in capital
    23,987     5,004,465  
Accumulated deficit
    (5,500 )   (5,500 )
Total shareholders' equity
  $ 19,500   $ 5,000,010  
Total capitalization
  $ 19,500   $ 301,019,500  
(1)
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 under an unsecured promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. The "as adjusted" information gives effect to the repayment of any loans made under this note out of the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. As of February 4, 2021, we had not borrowed any amount under the promissory note with our sponsor.

(2)
Upon the completion of our initial business combination, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.

(3)
Actual share amount is prior to any forfeiture of founder shares by our sponsor and as adjusted amount assumes no exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option and forfeiture of an aggregate of 1,125,000 founder shares.
91
Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview
        We are a blank check company incorporated on February 2, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and forward purchase securities, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of this offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources.
        The issuance of additional shares in a business combination, including the issuance of forward purchase securities:
•
may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

•
may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

•
could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officer and directors;

•
may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

•
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and

•
may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.
        Similarly, if we issue debt or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in:
•
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

•
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

•
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

•
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

•
our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;
92
Table of Contents
•
using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

•
limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

•
increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

•
limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
        As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, as of February 4, 2021, we had no cash and deferred offering costs of $52,250. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful.
Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events
        We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
        As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, as of February 4, 2021, we had no cash and a working capital deficit of $32,750. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans to address this uncertainty through this offering are discussed below.
        Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of this offering through (i) $25,000 paid by our sponsor to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares to our sponsor and (ii) the receipt of loans to us of up to $300,000 by our sponsor under an unsecured promissory note. As of February 4, 2021, we had not borrowed any amount under the promissory note with our sponsor. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting estimated non-reimbursed offering expenses of $1,000,000, underwriting commissions of $6,000,000, or $6,900,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of $10,500,000, or $12,075,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), and (ii) the sale of the private placement warrants for a purchase price of $8,000,000 (or $8,900,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be $301,000,000 (or $346,000,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full). Of this amount, $300,000,000 (or $345,000,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account, which includes the deferred underwriting commissions described above. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S.
93
Table of Contents
government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The remaining $1,000,000 will not be held in the trust account. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
        We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay income taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.
        Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we will have available to us the $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, as well as certain funds from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team. We will use these funds primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.
        We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination, other than funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, its affiliates, our officer or certain of our directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
        We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately $300,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; $75,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations; $240,000 for office space, administrative and support services; $116,000
94
Table of Contents
for Nasdaq continued listing fees; and $269,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves.
        These amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a "no-shop" provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from "shopping" around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a "no-shop" provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. The forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses.
        Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon the completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account.
Controls and Procedures
        We are not currently required to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies," including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement.
        Prior to the closing of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of our internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
•
staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;

•
reconciliation of accounts;

•
proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;

•
evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;

•
documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
95
Table of Contents
•
documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
        Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expenses in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
        Once our management's report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent registered public accounting firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business's internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
        The net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
Off-balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
        As of February 4, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have not conducted any operations to date.
JOBS Act
        The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an "emerging growth company" and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.
        Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an "emerging growth company," we choose to rely on such exemptions, we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor's attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the principal executive officer's compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an "emerging growth company," whichever is earlier.
96
Table of Contents

PROPOSED BUSINESS
        We are a blank check company newly incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us.
        While we may pursue a business combination target in any business or industry, we intend to search globally for a target with operations or prospects focusing on high-growth healthcare, consumer and technology sectors, and companies that we believe can be well-positioned for success in Greater China. The Greater China region is where our sponsor has built unparalleled proprietary network and resources, which we believe can help our target companies grow and succeed. The Greater China region is also the engine of growth in Asia Pacific, where disruptive and innovative business models, particularly those in the healthcare, consumer and technology sectors, can make an impact to billions of consumers with rising disposable income. We expect this will result in attractive initial business combination opportunities for us, with attractive risk-adjusted returns.
        Artisan LLC, our sponsor, is founded by Dr. Cheng Chi Kong (Adrian). Dr. Cheng is a visionary leader amongst his generation, a cultural entrepreneur who heads the New World Group and Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group, and the founder of the K11 brand and C Ventures. Dr. Cheng is the mastermind behind the strategy and operations of the Cheng family's business empire and is the third-generation leader of the Cheng family, one of the world's most prominent and influential families. The Cheng family is ranked third in Forbes 2021's "The Top Richest in Hong Kong" list and owns listed portfolio companies with a combined asset value of over US$88 billion as of December 31, 2020. Dr. Cheng is also a prominent and renowned investor with extensive experience and well-established track record.
        New World Development Company Limited (HKEx: 0017) ("NWD"), where Dr. Cheng is the Executive Vice-Chairman, CEO and an Executive Director, is a Hong Kong-based conglomerate with businesses spanning across numerous sectors, including property investment, management and development, infrastructure and services, healthcare, insurance, hospitality and other strategic businesses, most of which are based in Greater China. Founded in 1970, NWD was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1972, and it is currently a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index. As of the date of this prospectus, the market capitalization of NWD exceeded US$12 billion.
        Dr. Cheng possesses unique strengths and abilities in successful brand-building, as showcased by the K11 brand that he founded and launched in 2008. Under Dr. Cheng's leadership, K11 has flourished to become one of the most iconic brands in the Cheng family's portfolio, positioned and marketed as a global high-end lifestyle brand operator and a pioneering brand that blends art, people and nature. K11 has been accredited as "One of China's Top Ten Innovative Companies in 2018" and "One of Global Top Ten Innovative Companies in Urban Development/Real Estate Sector in 2019" by Fast Company, a leading American business magazine with a focus on innovation in technology, leadership and design. As of December 31, 2020, NWD's K11-branded investment property portfolio operated 13 projects in six major cities in Greater China, with a total GFA of over 1.1 million sq.m. K11 also has 25 projects in its pipeline that are expected to be completed by 2025, bringing its total and pipeline projects to 38 projects in 10 cities in Greater China.
        Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited (HKEx: 1929)("CTF Jewellery"), where Dr. Cheng is an Executive Director, is the Cheng family's leading luxury jewelry manufacturing and distribution business with an extensive retail network in Greater China, Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia and the United States, and a fast-growing e-commerce business. As of December 31, 2020, CTF Jewellery had over 4,000 points of sale globally and a network of over 3,700 self-owned stores in Greater China. Its membership
97
Table of Contents
programme had over 3.8 million registered members as of September 30, 2020. As of the date of this prospectus, the market capitalization of CTF Jewellery exceeded US$13 billion.
        The Cheng family also owns and operates the Rosewood Hotel Group, including the Rosewood Hotels & Resorts ("Rosewood Hotels") brand. Rosewood Hotels is an ultra-luxury hospitality brand with 28 hotels spread across 16 countries globally, with locations in prime cities in Greater China such as Hong Kong, Beijing and Guangzhou, as well as key metropolises around the world, such as New York, London, Paris, Bangkok and Abu Dhabi. The Rosewood Hotels portfolio is expected to increase to 46 hotels in 26 countries by 2024.
        The business portfolio of the Cheng family consists of a synergistic ecosystem of sustainable communities, spanning across diversified sectors, regions and customer bases. In recent years, Dr. Cheng has further expanded this ecosystem and strengthened its brand name through strategic healthcare investments in Greater China, connecting healthcare with sectors such as property development, financial services and technology.
•
In 2019, Dr. Cheng led the HK$21.5 billion acquisition of FTLife Insurance Company Limited ("FTLife"). FTLife is a large-scale insurance services provider in Hong Kong and offers a comprehensive range of life, accidents and health insurance products. As of December 31, 2020, FTLife had a network of over 3,000 tied agents and strategic partnerships with over 270 brokers. As of December 31, 2020, FTLife had total and net asset values of HK$76 billion and HK$20 billion, respectively.

•
In 2018, Dr. Cheng launched and established Humansa, an integrated, premium cross-generational healthcare services provider with a vision to expand into healthcare services in Mainland China. As of December 31, 2020, there were over 1,200 beds in 10 elderly homes and 3 endoscopic day care centers under the Humansa brand across various districts in Hong Kong, with over 5,200 registered nurses and healthcare professionals providing support to its customers.

•
In 2013, the New World Group entered into a joint venture with Parkway Pantai, one of Asia's largest private healthcare conglomerates, to develop Gleneagles Hospital Hong Kong. It opened in 2017 as a 500-bed, full-service private hospital with over 35 specialties and subspecialties.
        Dr. Cheng also founded C Ventures, an investment club positioned for the world's most elite families and funds, with an investment philosophy of bridging the West and the East. C Ventures was named as one of the "Top 100 China's PE firm" by ChinaVenture in 2020, "Top 20 China's Black Horse Fund" by 36Kr in 2020 and "Top 10 Investment Firm in Consumer Sector" by Lieyun.com in 2020. Leveraging his renowned stature and reputation in Greater China, Dr. Cheng and his experienced investment team have led and invested in a number of renowned domestic and international companies in the new economy sector, which have all successfully grown into unicorn companies prior to their public listings, often in early stages of financing rounds.
        Selected investee companies that have been successfully listed in public markets include:
•
Xpeng Motors (NYSE: XPEV), an electric vehicle company in China providing intelligent travel solutions, as a Series B investor in August 2018. Xpeng Motors was successfully listed on the NYSE in August 2020, with a market capitalization of over US$28 billion as of the date of this prospectus

•
NIO (NYSE: NIO), a leading producer of electric vehicles in China with a truly global team, as a Series D investor in November 2017. NIO was successfully listed on the NYSE in September 2018, with a market capitalization of over US$64 billion as of the date of this prospectus
98
Table of Contents
        Other selected investments in privately held unicorn companies include:
•
JD Logistics, the logistics unit of JD.com, China's largest online direct sales platform providing smart supply chain services with logistics network covering a significant portion of China's population, as a Series A investor in March 2018

•
Gojek, Indonesia's largest ride-hailing company that was reported to have over 900,000 drivers and a monthly transaction volume of over 100 million in 2018, as a Series E investor in August 2017

•
Full Truck Alliance ("FTA"), a leading online road logistics platform in China with the first nationwide freight information network, as a Series A investor in April 2018

•
Little Red Book ("Xiaohongshu"), a leading lifestyle and social e-commerce platform and cross-border e-commerce app in China with over 300 million registered users as of July 2019 and approximately 100 million monthly actively users, as a Series D investor in May 2018

•
Pony.ai, China's leading developer of level 4 autonomous driving solutions, as a Series B+ investor in June 2018
        We believe Dr. Cheng's stellar track record in the global healthcare, consumer and technology sectors, together with his extensive network of important business contacts and relationships, provides us with a deep understanding of the regulatory, political and demographic landscape in our target sectors and regions. In addition to the outstanding, diversified and well-established deal sourcing capabilities as outlined above, we intend to draw upon Dr. Cheng's capabilities and resources, including but not limited to his powerful family background, extensive personal network and relationships, established business infrastructure, and dedicated team of investment personnel.
        Our Company was founded by Dr. Cheng, and our management team is led by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (Ben). Both Dr. Cheng and Mr. Cheng are seasoned professionals with decades of experience investing in, building and growing companies in our target sectors and markets.
        Dr. Cheng Chi Kong (Adrian), our Founder, is the Executive Vice-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NWD, a Hong Kong-based conglomerate focused on property development, financial services and technology, and an executive director of NWS Holdings Limited (HKEx: 0659) and CTF Jewellery. In addition, Dr. Cheng is a director of Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited and Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited, both of which are substantial shareholders of NWD. Dr. Cheng oversees the strategic direction for NWD, launched NWD's The Artisanal Movement in January 2015 and is currently overseeing NWD's large-scale developments, including the Victoria Dockside and 11 Skies. As a prominent and renowned investor with extensive experience and well-established track record, Dr. Cheng was awarded "Top 10 China's Most Influential Investor" and "Top 10 China's ESG Investor" by FOF Weekly in 2019 and 2020, respectively, and has been acknowledged as one of the "40 Under 40" global business stars by Fortune and a "Young Global Leader" by the World Economic Forum in 2012. Dr. Cheng is also the chairman of China Young Leaders Foundation, the honorary chairman of K11 Art Foundation, a Justice of the Peace appointed by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and an Officier in the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres of the Republic of France. Dr. Cheng holds a Bachelor of Arts degree (cum laude) from Harvard University and was conferred an Honorary Doctorate of Humanities by the Savannah College of Art and Design in 2014. Dr. Cheng worked in a major international bank prior to joining NWD in September 2006 and has substantial experience in corporate finance.
        Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (Ben), our Chief Executive Officer and Director, is currently the Managing Partner at C Ventures, where he leads its sought-after deals and actively engages in major venture capital and private equity investments across the sectors of healthcare, consumer and technology.
99
Table of Contents
Named as "China's Top 20 Most Outstanding Investor" by Lieyun.com in 2020, Mr. Cheng has helped execute many investments in the aforementioned "unicorns", such as Xpeng Motors, NIO, JD Logistics, Gojek, FTA, Xiaohongshu and Pony.ai. Under Mr. Cheng's leadership, C Ventures also invested in GritWorld, a 3D visual graphics rendering engine, and the investment was awarded ChinaVenture's "Top 10 AI & Big Data Deals" in 2019. Mr. Cheng is also a member of the Advisory Committee of Vertex SEA Fund, a subsidiary of Temasek Holdings, and a member of Venture Committee of Hong Kong Venture Capital and Private Equity Association. Mr. Cheng has also served as a General Manager at NWD since March 2016. Prior to his current roles, Mr. Cheng was an investment banker at Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Standard Chartered Bank. Mr. Cheng's deal sheet in the Greater China region includes, among others, major corporate finance transactions such as the US$510 million Hong Kong listing of WuXi Biologics (HKEx: 2269) in 2017, the US$3.3 billion take-private of WuXi PharmaTech in 2015, and Temasek's US$5.7 billion investment in Watson's in 2014 and US$2.1 billion acquisition of ING's insurance business in Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand in 2013. Mr. Cheng holds a bachelor's degree in Quantitative Finance with honors from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.
        Mr. William Keller, our independent director nominee, is an experienced professional in the pharmaceuticals industry. Mr. Keller joined Roche Group in Basel in 1972 and served from 1990 to 2003 in several marketing and General Manager positions at Roche Group in South America and Asia. From 1994 to 2003, he oversaw and established Roche in China as the General Manager of Roche China Ltd. and Shanghai Roche Pharmaceutical Ltd. He has also served as the Chairman and Honorary Chairman of Rdpac (Research based foreign Pharmaceutical Association China). In 2003, he founded Keller Pharma Consultancy, a pharmaceutical consulting firm focusing on market entry strategies for foreign biotech companies into the Chinese market and supporting biopharma start-up companies in Shanghai. He has been the Vice Chairman of the Shanghai Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment (SAEFI) and Deputy General Manager of Zhangjiang Biotech and Pharmaceutical Base Development Co. Ltd. Currently, Mr. Keller holds directorship as an independent director of WuXi Biologics (HKEx: 2269), Hua Medicine (HKEx: 2552) and Cathay Biotech, an industrial biotechnology company listed on the STAR board. Previously, he served as the Chairman of Coland Holdings (Taiwan Stock Exchange: 4144) and as an independent director at Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., (NASDAQ: ALXN), China Nuokang Bio Pharmaceutical Inc., and Fosun Pharmaceutical Co. ltd. He was also a supervisor and board member of TaiGen Biopharmaceuticals Holding Limited (Taiwan Stock Exchange: 4157) and the Chairman of HBM Biomed China Partners. Since 2014, Mr. Keller has been living in Switzerland. Mr. Keller is an Honorary Citizen of Shanghai.
        Mr. Mitch Garber, C.M., our independent director nominee, is a Canadian attorney, business executive and philanthropist. Mr. Garber has served as the Chairman of Invest in Canada, a Canadian federal government agency responsible for foreign investment since March 2018. Mr. Garber has served as the Chairman of Cirque du Soleil from August 2015 to September 2020 and participated in the TPG-led buyout of Cirque in 2016. From 2013 to 2017, Mr. Garber was the President and CEO of Caesars Acquisition Company, where he led the acquisition of Playtika, an Israeli firm that pioneered free-to-play games on social networks and mobile platforms, which was one of the most successful acquisitions in the social and mobile games industry and the third-largest sale in the history of Israeli-based companies at the time. Mr. Garber also served as the CEO of PartyGaming Plc/PartyBwin from 2006 to 2008 and the CEO of Optimal Payments/Paysafe from 2003 to 2006. Mr. Garber is currently a board member of the Seattle Kraken of the NHL, Rackspace, LANVIN, Wolford, Shutterfly and Aiola. In addition, Mr. Garber has successfully led companies on Nasdaq, Toronto, and London stock exchanges as well as private companies controlled by private equity firms TPG and Apollo. Mr. Garber holds an undergraduate degree from McGill University, a law degree from the University of Ottawa and an honorary doctorate from the University of Ottawa. Mr. Garber was awarded the Order of Canada in 2019.
100
Table of Contents
        Mr. Fan (Frank) Yu, our independent director nominee, is the founder, CEO and CIO of Ally Bridge Group, a global healthcare-focused, multi-strategy investment group with a portfolio of healthcare investments in the U.S., China and Europe. Mr. Yu carries a strong track record as an investment manager and dealmaker across multiple funds, strategies and geographies encompassing the U.S., China and Europe. Mr. Yu completed his university education and started his career in New York before working in Hong Kong for over two decades. Previously, Mr. Yu was Managing Director and Head of China Investments at Och-Ziff Capital Management ("OZ"), a leading global hedge fund. Prior to OZ, Mr. Yu was a Managing Director at Goldman Sachs in Hong Kong, where he headed several business units and played instrumental roles in significant restructuring, financing and M&A transactions of leading Chinese companies. Mr. Yu also advised leading global institutions on their China and Asia strategies and transactions. Before Goldman Sachs, Mr. Yu worked at Moody's in New York, and then Credit Suisse in London and Hong Kong. Since 2010, Mr. Yu has founded, launched and managed multiple funds covering venture, growth, buyout and hedge fund investing from China to the U.S. to Europe. Mr. Yu excels in originating and executing major investment themes such as global life science investing, which has become the primary focus of Mr. Yu and ABG, creating significant deals such as the landmark $3.3 billion take-private of WuXi Pharmatech from NYSE in 2015, and leading the $300 million Series-C investment in GRAIL in 2018. He has expertise in cementing strategic transactions between emerging players and industry leaders across the U.S., China and Europe.
        Mr. Sean O'Neill, our independent director nominee, is the Chief Digital Officer of Dr. Martens (LSE: DOCS), a British footwear and clothing brand. Dr. Martens was founded in 1947 and has recently completed its listing on the London Stock Exchange in January 2021, at a value of £3.7 billion. Mr. O'Neill joined Dr. Martens in April 2018 as Global Chief Digital Officer and simultaneously joined Dr. Martens' Global Leadership Team on appointment, spearheading the digital transformation of the Company and shifting a wholesale-dominated business to become a Direct-to-Consumer business. Mr. O'Neill has a proven track record of turning around consumer-based businesses by developing strategies and implementing operational excellence across digital, retail and other functions across a company. Mr. O'Neill completed his university education in the United States (Boston University), and since then has had an international career, including working in Latin America, Asia, Europe and the United States. Prior to joining Dr. Martens, Mr. O'Neill was the Group Chief Operating Officer at Sun Capital Partners, overseeing all of the fund's global consumer portfolio companies. Before that, Mr. O'Neill was an Operational Advisor at Lion Capital, specializing in improving the portfolio's digital, retail and wholesale channels, and has held operating roles with Gucci Group, Burberry, AllSaints and H&M. Mr. O'Neill started his career in finance, working at Merrill Lynch as an investment banker with the consumer products group, and has held roles managing investments for Advent International and Grupo Ferre Rangel. Mr. O'Neill has a combined experience of finance and operational experience, which has been built from learning from the ground up, and has worked across all regions of the world.
        With respect to the above, the past performance of our management team or of Dr. Cheng, NWD, C Ventures or their respective affiliates or related entities is not a guarantee either of (i) success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical records or performance of any of the parties listed above as indicative of our future performance. For more information on the experience and background of our management team, see the section entitled "Management".
        We believe our ability to complete an initial business combination will be enhanced by our having entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which the anchor investors have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares plus 1,500,000 redeemable warrants for a purchase price of $10.00 per Class A ordinary share, or $60,000,000 in the aggregate, in a private
101
Table of Contents
placement to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. We believe this committed capital will provide us with greater certainty to complete a business combination with potential sellers. The proceeds from the sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-business combination company. These purchases will be made regardless of whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by our public shareholders and are intended to provide us with a minimum funding level for our initial business combination. The anchor investors will not have the ability to approve the initial business combination prior to the signing of a material definitive agreement and, if we seek shareholder approval, have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of the initial business combination. The forward purchase securities will be issued only in connection with the closing of the initial business combination.
Business Strategy
        Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or prospects focusing on high-growth global healthcare, consumer and technology sectors that complement, and can benefit from, the experience and operational expertise of our management team. Our selection process will leverage the broad and deep network of relationships, unique industry expertise and proven deal-sourcing capabilities of our management team, which we believe will provide us with a strong pipeline of potential targets. Our management team has:
•
Experience in sourcing deals globally through their strong proprietary network both in Greater China and across the world, such as their access to influential investors and business families globally. This network can catalyze complementary and synergistic growth within our sponsor's diversified and all-rounded portfolio ecosystem, which fits seamlessly with our long-term vision and growth strategy

•
Unparalleled access to strategic global resources, which, coupled with proven in-depth operational expertise and know-how, business scale, geographic familiarity and market intelligence, enables us to position targets for entry and growth into the Greater China market, as well as from Greater China into international markets

•
A well-established track record of sourcing, structuring and acquiring uniquely attractive investment opportunities and innovative, high-growth and disruptive successful businesses, especially in key markets such as Greater China

•
Access to capital, including capital sources across various business cycles in both Greater China and globally, which could be used to finance businesses and assist them with the transition to public ownership and thereafter
        Following the completion of this offering, we will begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities.
Business Combination Criteria
        Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.
•
Focus on targets in the global healthcare, consumer and technology sectors.  Leveraging the extensive experience and consistent track record of our Founder and management team in the healthcare, consumer and technology sectors, we believe we have unparalleled access to investment opportunities and a competitive advantage in our ability to negotiate a business
102
Table of Contents
combination with potential targets in such sectors. Under the guidance of one of the most influential and visionary investors in the Greater China region, we are well-positioned to identify attractive investment opportunities by utilizing our management team's proprietary network, regional resources and market intelligence, especially in Greater China.
•
Targets with high growth potential and disruptive technologies and products.  We intend to target companies with high growth potential and a disruptive business model that focuses on the next generation of consumers. Our management team's robust experience in catalyzing the growth potential in disruptive business provides us with strong know-how in sourcing and evaluating potential targets in the new economy sectors.

•
Targets with synergies with our sponsor's ecosystem.  We intend to target high-growth businesses that would fit well into the business strategy and development plans of the wider investment portfolio of Dr. Cheng, the Cheng family and our management team, both geographically and directionally, which we believe will create opportunities to enhance revenue and operational synergies of the target business.

•
Experienced and focused management team.  We intend to seek targets with an established management team that is committed to Asia and that is complementary to our management team and existing business ecosystem. To the extent we believe it will enhance shareholder value, we would seek to selectively supplement the existing management team of the business (including senior management) with members of our management team or with proven thought leaders in the space from our network.
        These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC.
Our Acquisition Process
        In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team's operational and capital planning experience.
        Each of our officer and directors will, directly or indirectly, own founder shares and/or private placement warrants following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
        Further, such officer and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officer and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
        Each of our officer, directors and director nominees presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer, director or director nominee is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officer or
103
Table of Contents
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us and we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company and it is an opportunity that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
Initial Business Combination
        So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed initial business combination will provide public shareholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80% of fair market value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company's business, if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company's assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80% of fair market value test, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed initial business combination will include such opinion.
        We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management
104
Table of Contents
team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80% of fair market value test.
        To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
        The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.
Other Considerations
        We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officer or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officer or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
        We currently do not have any specific business combination under consideration. Our officer and directors have neither individually selected nor considered a target business nor have they had any substantive discussions regarding possible target businesses among themselves or with our underwriters or other advisors. Our management team is regularly made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination, but we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to a business combination transaction with our company. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, taken any substantive measure, directly or indirectly, to
105
Table of Contents
identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us, nor have we engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any such acquisition candidate.
        Our sponsor, officer and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officer and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
Status as a Public Company
        We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.
        Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters' ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders' interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company's profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.
        While we believe that our structure and our management team's backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively.
        We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies," including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
106
Table of Contents
        In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
        We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.
        Additionally, we are a "smaller reporting company" as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million as of the end of that year's second fiscal quarter or (2) our annual revenues are less than $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million as of the end of that year's second fiscal quarter.
Financial Position
        With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of $350,500,000 (including amounts to be received pursuant to the forward purchase agreements), after payment of the estimated non-reimbursed expenses of this offering and $10,500,000 of deferred underwriting commissions (or $393,925,000 after payment of the estimated expenses of this offering and $12,075,000 of deferred underwriting commissions if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. Other than the forward purchase agreements, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.
Effecting Our Initial Business Combination
General
        We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and forward purchase securities, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of this offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.
107
Table of Contents
        If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or the redemption of our public shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for the maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
        We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with any business combination target. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate or to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business, other than our officer and directors. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.
        We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon the completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the potential availability of the backstop arrangement with our sponsor, we are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.
Sources of Target Businesses
        We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officer and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officer and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder's fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm's length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder's fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor
108
Table of Contents
or any of our existing officer or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder's fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officer and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.
        We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officer or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officer or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
        Each of our officer, directors and director nominees presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. Accordingly, if any of our officer or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. See "Management—Conflicts of Interest."
Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination
        In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team's operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.
        The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.
109
Table of Contents
Lack of Business Diversification
        For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
•
subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and

•
cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target's Management Team
        Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business's management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.
        We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
        Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination
        We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons.
        Under Nasdaq listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example:
•
we issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering);

•
any of our officer, directors or substantial security holders (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5% or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in
110
Table of Contents
issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1% or more (or 5% or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a substantial security holder); or
•
the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control.
        The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:
•
the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;

•
the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote;

•
the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;

•
other time and budget constraints of the company; and

•
additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders.
Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities
        If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act.
        In the event that our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.
        The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination,
111
Table of Contents
(ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
        In addition, if such purchases are made, the public "float" of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
        Our sponsor, officer, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom they may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.
        Our sponsor, officer, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon the Completion of Our Initial Business Combination
        We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary
112
Table of Contents
shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.
Limitations on Redemptions
        Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC's "penny stock" rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. In addition, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests in connection with an amendment we seek to make to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Manner of Conducting Redemptions
        We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules.
        If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:
•
conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and

•
file proxy materials with the SEC.
        In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon the completion of the initial business combination.
113
Table of Contents
        If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholder's founder shares, we would need 10,500,001, or 35.0% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised) of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.
        If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:
•
conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and

•
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
        Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
        In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination.
Limitation on Redemption upon the Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval
        If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such
114
Table of Contents
shareholder is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, which we refer to as "Excess Shares," without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder's shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders' ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
        However, we would not be restricting our shareholders' ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights
        Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in "street name," will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company's DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder's option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.
        There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately $80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.
        The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders' vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an "option window" after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the
115
Table of Contents
price of the company's shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become "option" rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder's election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved.
        Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination.
        If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.
        If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of this offering.
Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination
        Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders' rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.
        Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering (although they will be entitled to
116
Table of Contents
liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe).
        Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC's "penny stock" rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, officer, director, director nominee or any other person.
        We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the $1,000,000 held outside the trust account plus up to $100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
        If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than $10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors' claims.
        Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party's engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
117
Table of Contents
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Credit Suisse and UBS Investment Bank will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor's only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officer or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
        In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per public share.
        We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to $1,000,000 following this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately $100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our
118
Table of Contents
trust account received by any such shareholder. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
        If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a "preferential transfer" or a "fraudulent conveyance." As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
        Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder's voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder's redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote.
        Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination and If We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination.
119
Table of Contents
        The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering:
 
  Redemptions in
Connection with Our
Initial Business
Combination   Other Permitted
Purchases of Public
Shares by Our Affiliates   Redemptions if We Fail
to Complete an Initial
Business Combination
Calculation of redemption price
  Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination.   If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.   If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares.
120
Table of Contents
 
  Redemptions in
Connection with Our
Initial Business
Combination   Other Permitted
Purchases of Public
Shares by Our Affiliates   Redemptions if We Fail
to Complete an Initial
Business Combination
Impact to remaining shareholders
  The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable.
  If the permitted purchases described above are made, there would be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us.
  The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our sponsor, who will be our only remaining shareholder after such redemptions.
Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419
        The following table compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419. This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering.
Escrow of offering proceeds   Terms of Our Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
  $300,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be deposited into a trust account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee.   $255,150,000 of the offering proceeds, would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker- dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
Investment of net proceeds
  $300,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in trust will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
  Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
121
Table of Contents
Escrow of offering proceeds   Terms of Our Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Receipt of interest on escrowed funds
  Interest income (if any) on proceeds from the trust account to be paid to shareholders is reduced by (i) any income taxes paid or payable and (ii) in the event of our liquidation for failure to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time, up to $100,000 of net interest that may be released to us should we have no or insufficient working capital to fund the costs and expenses of our dissolution and liquidation.
  Interest income on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to us in connection with our completion of a business combination.
Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business
  Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80% of fair market value test.
  The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
122
Table of Contents
Escrow of offering proceeds   Terms of Our Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Trading of securities issued
  The units are expected to begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Credit Suisse and UBS Investment Bank inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering. If the over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option.
  No trading of the units or the underlying Class A ordinary shares and warrants would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
  The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after the completion of our initial business combination.
    Exercise of the warrants
  The warrants cannot be exercised until the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and twelve months from the closing of this offering.
  The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account.
123
Table of Contents
Escrow of offering proceeds   Terms of Our Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Election to remain an investor
  We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. We may not be required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement to hold a shareholder vote. If we are not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and do not otherwise decide to hold a shareholder vote, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC, which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC's proxy rules. If, however, we hold a shareholder vote, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
  A prospectus containing information pertaining to the business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post- effective amendment to the company's registration statement, to decide if he, she or it elects to remain a shareholder of the company or require the return of his, her or its investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the shareholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the securities are issued.
124
Table of Contents
Escrow of offering proceeds   Terms of Our Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
  proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed initial business combination or vote at all. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require that at least five days' notice will be given of any such general meeting.
    Business combination deadline
  If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to
  If an acquisition has not been completed within 18 months after the effective date of the company's registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors.
125
Table of Contents
Escrow of offering proceeds   Terms of Our Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
  $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders' rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
    Release of funds
  Except for the withdrawal of interest income (if any) to pay our income taxes, if any, none of the funds held in trust will be released from the trust account until the earliest of:
  The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
  (i)
  the completion of our initial business combination,
      (ii)
  the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law, and
    126
Table of Contents
Escrow of offering proceeds   Terms of Our Offering   Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
  (iii)
  the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.
    Competition
        In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.
Facilities
        We currently maintain our executive offices at 71 Fort Street, PO Box 500, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, KY1-1106. The cost for our use of this space is included in the $10,000 per month fee we will pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
127
Table of Contents
Employees
        We currently have one officer. This individual is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he intends to devote as much of his time as he deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time he will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Periodic Reporting and Financial Information
        We will register our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
        We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.
        We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
        Prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.
        We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cabinet Office of the Cayman Islands that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 30 years from February 8, 2021, no law which is thereafter enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our
128
Table of Contents
operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.
        We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies," including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
        In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
        We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.
        Additionally, we are a "smaller reporting company" as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million as of the end of that year's second fiscal quarter or (2) our annual revenues are less than $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million as of the end of that year's second fiscal quarter.
Legal Proceedings
        There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.
129
Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT
Officer, Directors and Director Nominees
        Our officer, directors and director nominees are as follows:
Name   Age   Position
Cheng Yin Pan (Ben)
    32   Chief Executive Officer and Director
William Keller
    73   Independent Director Nominee
Mitch Garber
    57   Independent Director Nominee
Fan (Frank) Yu
    52   Independent Director Nominee
Sean O'Neill
    43   Independent Director Nominee
        Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (Ben), our Chief Executive Officer and Director, is currently the Managing Partner at C Ventures, where he leads its sought-after deals and actively engages in major venture capital and private equity investments across the sectors of healthcare, consumer and technology. Named as "China's Top 20 Most Outstanding Investor" by Lieyun.com in 2020, Mr. Cheng has helped execute many investments in the aforementioned "unicorns", such as Xpeng Motors, NIO, JD Logistics, Gojek, FTA, Xiaohongshu and Pony.ai. Under Mr. Cheng's leadership, C Ventures also invested in GritWorld, a 3D visual graphics rendering engine, and the investment was awarded ChinaVenture's "Top 10 AI & Big Data Deals" in 2019. Mr. Cheng is also a member of the Advisory Committee of Vertex SEA Fund, a subsidiary of Temasek Holdings, and a member of Venture Committee of Hong Kong Venture Capital and Private Equity Association. Mr. Cheng has also served as a General Manager at NWD since March 2016. Prior to his current roles, Mr. Cheng was an investment banker at Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Standard Chartered Bank. Mr. Cheng's deal sheet in the Greater China region includes, among others, major corporate finance transactions such as the US$510 million Hong Kong listing of WuXi Biologics (HKEx: 2269) in 2017, the US$3.3 billion take-private of WuXi PharmaTech in 2015, and Temasek's US$5.7 billion investment in Watson's in 2014 and US$2.1 billion acquisition of ING's insurance business in Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand in 2013. Mr. Cheng holds a bachelor's degree in Quantitative Finance with honors from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.
        Mr. William Keller, our independent director nominee, is an experienced professional in the pharmaceuticals industry. Mr. Keller was the Chairman of Coland Holdings (Taiwan Stock Exchange: 4144), a biopharmaceutical company, from December 2010 to December 2020 and currently serves an independent director of WuXi Biologics (HKEx: 2269), Hua Medicine (HKEx: 2552) and Cathay Biotech, an industrial biotechnology company listed on the STAR board. Previously, Mr. Keller has served as the Chairman of HBM Biomed China Partners, the Vice Chairman of the Shanghai Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment (SAEFI), the Chairman of Rdpac (Research based foreign Pharmaceutical Association China), the Deputy General Manager of Zhangjiang Biotech and Pharmaceutical Base Development Co. Ltd., an independent director at Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALXN), China Nuokang Bio Pharmaceutical Inc. and Fosun Pharmaceutical Co. ltd., and a supervisor and board member of TaiGen Biopharmaceuticals Holding Limited (Taiwan Stock Exchange: 4157). Prior to founding Keller Pharma Consultancy, a pharmaceutical consulting firm focusing on market entry strategies for foreign biotech companies into the Chinese market, in 2003, Mr. Keller joined Roche Group in Basel in 1972 and served in several marketing and General Manager positions at Roche Group in South America and Asia until 2003. From 1990 to 2003, he successfully oversaw and established Roche in China as General Manager of Roche China Ltd. and Shanghai Roche Pharmaceutical Ltd., covering Vitamins and Fine Chemical, Diagnostics and pharmaceutical businesses.
        Mr. Mitch Garber, C.M., our independent director nominee, has served as the Chairman of Invest in Canada, a Canadian federal government agency responsible for foreign investment, since March 2018 and the Chairman of Cirque du Soleil from August 2015 to September 2020. From 2013 to 2017,
130
Table of Contents
Mr. Garber was the President and CEO of Caesars Acquisition Company. Mr. Garber also served as the CEO of PartyGaming Plc/PartyBwin from 2006 to 2008 and the CEO of Optimal Payments/Paysafe from 2003 to 2006. Mr. Garber is currently a board member of the Seattle Kraken of the NHL, Rackspace, LANVIN, Wolford, Shutterfly and Aiola. Mr. Garber has successfully held leadership roles at companies listed on Nasdaq, Toronto and London stock exchanges as well as private companies controlled by private equity firms TPG and Apollo. Mr. Garber holds an undergraduate degree from McGill University, a law degree from the University of Ottawa and an honorary doctorate from the University of Ottawa. Mr. Garber was awarded the Order of Canada in 2019.
        Mr. Fan (Frank) Yu, our independent director nominee, is the founder, CEO and CIO of Ally Bridge Group, a global healthcare-focused, multi-strategy investment group with a portfolio of healthcare investments in the U.S., China and Europe. Mr. Yu carries a strong track record as an investment manager and dealmaker across multiple funds, strategies and geographies encompassing the U.S., China and Europe. Mr. Yu completed his university education and started his career in New York before working in Hong Kong for over two decades. Previously, Mr. Yu was Managing Director and Head of China Investments at Och-Ziff Capital Management ("OZ"), a leading global hedge fund. Prior to OZ, Mr. Yu was a Managing Director at Goldman Sachs in Hong Kong, where he headed several business units and played instrumental roles in significant restructuring, financing and M&A transactions of leading Chinese companies. Mr. Yu also advised leading global institutions on their China and Asia strategies and transactions. Before Goldman Sachs, Mr. Yu worked at Moody's in New York, and then Credit Suisse in London and Hong Kong. Since 2010, Mr. Yu has founded, launched and managed multiple funds covering venture, growth, buyout and hedge fund investing from China to the U.S. to Europe. Mr. Yu excels in originating and executing major investment themes such as global life science investing, which has become the primary focus of Mr. Yu and ABG, creating significant deals such as the landmark $3.3 billion take-private of WuXi Pharmatech from the NYSE in 2015, and leading the $300 million Series-C investment in GRAIL in 2018. He has expertise in cementing strategic transactions between emerging players and industry leaders across the U.S., China and Europe. Mr. Yu holds a bachelor's degree from Queens College, City University of New York.
        Mr. Sean O'Neill, our independent director nominee, is the Chief Digital Officer of Dr. Martens (LSE: DOCS), a British footwear and clothing brand that was listed on the London Stock Exchange in January 2021 at a value of £3.7 billion. Mr. O'Neill joined Dr. Martens in April 2018 as its Global Chief Digital Officer and a member of its Global Leadership Team, spearheading the digital transformation of the Company and shifting a wholesale-dominated business to become a Direct-to-Consumer business. Before joining Dr. Martens, Mr. O'Neill served as the Group Chief Operating Officer at Sun Capital Partners, overseeing all of the fund's global consumer portfolio companies. Prior to that, Mr. O'Neill was an Operational Advisor at Lion Capital from 2013 to 2017, specializing in improving the portfolio's digital, retail and wholesale channels. Mr. O'Neill has also held operating roles with Gucci Group, Burberry, AllSaints and H&M. Mr. O'Neill started his career in finance, working at Merrill Lynch as an investment banker with the consumer products group, and has held roles managing investments for Advent International and Grupo Ferre Rangel. Mr. O'Neill holds a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration from Boston University.
Number and Terms of Office of Officer and Directors
        Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of William Keller and Mitch Garber, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Fan (Frank) Yu and Sean
131
Table of Contents
O'Neill, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Cheng Yin Pan (Ben), will expire at our third annual general meeting.
        Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at a meeting of our board. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
        Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor, upon and following the consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.
        Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.
Director Independence
        Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that William Keller, Mitch Garber, Fan (Frank) Yu and Sean O'Neill are "independent directors" as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.
Executive Officer and Director Compensation
        None of our executive officer or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of $10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officer and directors, or their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officer or directors, or their respective affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our executive officer and directors for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder's and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officer and directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to completion of our initial business combination.
        After the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials
132
Table of Contents
or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officer will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.
        We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officer and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management's motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officer and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
Committees of the Board of Directors
        Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our board of directors will have three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.
Audit Committee
        Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors. Mitch Garber, Fan (Frank) Yu and Sean O'Neill will serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mitch Garber, Fan (Frank) Yu and Sean O'Neill are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Sean O'Neill will serve as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Sean O'Neill qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in applicable SEC rules.
        The audit committee is responsible for:
•
meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits and the adequacy of our accounting and control systems;

•
monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;

•
verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

•
inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
133
Table of Contents
•
pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;

•
appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;

•
determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;

•
establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies;

•
monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of this offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of this offering; and

•
reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officer or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.
Nominating Committee
        Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee will be William Keller, Mitch Garber and Fan (Frank) Yu, and William Keller will serve as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of William Keller, Mitch Garber and Fan (Frank) Yu are independent.
        The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others.
Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees
        The guidelines for selecting director nominees, which will be specified in a charter to be adopted by us, generally will provide that persons to be nominated:
•
should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;

•
should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and

•
should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.
        The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person's candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and
134
Table of Contents
diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among director nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.
Compensation Committee
        Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee will be Mitch Garber and Sean O'Neill, and Mitch Garber will serve as chairman of the compensation committee.
        Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mitch Garber and Sean O'Neill are independent. We will adopt a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
•
reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer, evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

•
reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;

•
reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

•
implementing and administering our incentive compensation and equity-based remuneration plans;

•
assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

•
approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officer and employees;

•
producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

•
reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
        The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
        Our executive officer is not, and in the past year has not served as, a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors.
Code of Ethics
        Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our officer, directors and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.
135
Table of Contents
Conflicts of Interest
        Under Cayman Islands law, officers and directors owe the following fiduciary duties:
•
duty to act in good faith in what the officer or director believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

•
duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

•
directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

•
duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

•
duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

•
duty to exercise independent judgment.
        In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care, which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge, skill and experience of that director.
        As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be ratified and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.
        Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, no director shall be disqualified or prevented from contracting with the company nor shall any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the company in which any director shall have an interest be liable to be avoided. A director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he or she is interested provided that the nature of such interest shall be disclosed at or prior to its consideration or any vote thereon by the board of directors.
        Each of our officer, directors and director nominees presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officer or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company and it is an opportunity that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
136
Table of Contents
        Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officer and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships:
Individual   Entity   Entity's Business   Affiliation
Cheng Yin Pan (Ben)   C Ventures   Financial Services   Managing Partner

 
 
New World Development Company Limited
 
Conglomerate
 
General Manager

William Keller
 
WuXi Biologics
 
Biopharmaceuticals
 
Independent Director
    Hua Medicine   Biopharmaceuticals   Independent Director
    Cathay Biotech   Industrial Biotechnology   Independent Director

Mitch Garber
 
Invest in Canada
 
Government Agency
 
Chairman
    Rackspace   Technology Services   Director
    LANVIN   Consumer Products   Director
    Wolford   Consumer Products   Director
    Shutterfly   Technology Services   Director
    Aiola   Technology Services   Director

Fan (Frank) Yu
 
ABG Management Ltd.
 
Financial Services
 
Shareholder and Director
    Ally Bridge Group (HK) Limited   Financial Services   Executive Director
    Ally Bridge Group (NY) LLC   Financial Services   Shareholder and Director of the sole member
    Certain funds and portfolio companies managed or advised directly or indirectly by ABG Management Ltd., Ally Bridge Group (HK) Limited or Ally Bridge Group (NY) LLC   Financial Services   Director/Investment Committee Member
    Lake Bleu Prime Healthcare Master Fund Limited and its feeder funds   Financial Services   Shareholder/Director
    Quantum Surgical   Medical Devices   Director
    Mavrik Dental Systems Ltd.   Medical Devices   Director
    Imperative Care, Inc.   Medical Devices   Director
    ABG Acquisition Corp. I   Special Purpose Acquisition Company   Chief Executive Officer and Director

Sean O'Neill
 
Dr. Martens
 
Consumer Products
 
Global Chief Digital Officer
137
Table of Contents
        Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:
•
Our officer and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officer and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officer and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.

•
Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this prospectus and will purchase private placement warrants in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering.

•
Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Our officer, directors and director nominees who own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.

•
Our officer and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officer and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officer and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates.
138
Table of Contents
        We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officer or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officer or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
        Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officer or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder's fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we will also reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of $10,000 per month.
        We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.
        If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination.
Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officer and Directors
        Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company's memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officer and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our officer and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of officers' and directors' liability insurance that insures our officer and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officer and directors.
        Our officer and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination.
        Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officer or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officer and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder's
139
Table of Contents
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officer and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
        We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
140
Table of Contents

PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS
        The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our Class A ordinary shares included in the units offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of units in this offering, by:
•
each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares;

•
each of our officer, directors and director nominees that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and

•
all our officer, directors and director nominees as a group.
        Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus.
        On February 4, 2021, our sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001. Following a share capitalization on March 1, 2021, our sponsor held an aggregate of 10,125,000 founder shares and then, in connection with entering into the forward purchase agreements, transferred to the anchor investors an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares for no cash consideration. These 750,000 founder shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised. On March 8, 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. These 100,000 founder shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The post-offering percentages in the following table assume that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option and that there are 39,000,000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding after this offering.
 
   
  Approximate Percentage
of Issued and Outstanding
Ordinary Shares  
 
  Number of
Shares
Beneficially
Owned(2)  
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)   Before
Offering   After
Offering  
Artisan LLC (our sponsor)
    9,275,000 (3)(4)   91.6 %   20.9 %
Cheng Chi Kong (Adrian)
    9,275,000 (3)(4)   91.6 %   20.9 %
Cheng Yin Pan (Ben)
    9,275,000 (3)(4)   91.6 %   20.9 %
Mitch Garber
    25,000     *     *  
William Keller
    25,000     *     *  
Fan (Frank) Yu
    25,000     *     *  
Sean O'Neill
    25,000     *     *  
All officer, directors and director nominees as a group (five individuals)
    9,375,000 (3)(4)   92.6 %   21.2 %
*
Less than one percent.

(1)
Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 71 Fort Street, PO Box 500, Grand Cayman KY1-1106, Cayman Islands.

(2)
Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares one a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described in the section entitled "Description of Securities."
141
Table of Contents
(3)
The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor. Cheng Yin Pan (Ben), our Chief Executive Officer, is the manager of Artisan LLC and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by Artisan LLC. Cheng Chi Kong (Adrian) and Cheng Yin Pan (Ben) disclaim any beneficial ownership of the securities held by Artisan LLC other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly.

(4)
Includes up to 1,125,000 founder shares that will be surrendered to us for no consideration by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised.
        Immediately after this offering, our initial shareholders will beneficially own 20% of the sum of the total number of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering) and will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to elect any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization, a share surrender or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements.
        Prior to this offering, we entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which the anchor investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares plus 1,500,000 redeemable warrants for a purchase price of $10.00 per Class A ordinary share, as applicable, or $60,000,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement to close concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. In connection with entering into these forward purchase agreements, our sponsor transferred to the anchor investors an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares for no cash consideration. The founder shares transferred to the anchor investors are subject to similar contractual conditions and restrictions as the founder shares issued to our sponsor. The anchor investors will have redemption rights with respect to any public shares they own. The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms as our public warrants. The forward purchase agreements also provide that the anchor investors are entitled to registration rights with respect to (A) the forward purchase securities and Class A ordinary shares underlying the forward purchase warrants and founder shares, (B) any other Class A ordinary shares or warrants acquired by the anchor investors any time after we complete our initial business combination, and (C) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to the securities referred to in (A) and (B) by way of a share capitalization or share sub-division or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization.
        Our initial shareholders have agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination.
        Our sponsor is deemed to be our "promoter" as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.
Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants
        The founder shares, private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreement entered into by our initial shareholders. Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (a) one year after the
142
Table of Contents
completion of our initial business combination and (b) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants are not transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our officer or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officer or directors, any members or partners of our sponsor or their affiliates, any affiliates of our sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual's immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual's immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, private placement warrants or Class A ordinary shares, as applicable, were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of our sponsor's organizational documents upon liquidation or dissolution of our sponsor; (g) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination; (h) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement.
143
Table of Contents

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
        On February 4, 2021, our sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001. Following a share capitalization on March 1, 2021, our sponsor held an aggregate of 10,125,000 founder shares and then, in connection with entering into the forward purchase agreements, transferred to the anchor investors an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares for no cash consideration. These 750,000 founder shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised. On March 8, 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors. These 100,000 founder shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20% of the sum of the total number of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the completion of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements. If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization, a share surrender or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20% of the sum of the total number of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements. Up to 1,125,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.
        Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 5,333,333 private placement warrants (or 5,933,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) for a purchase price of $1.50 per warrant in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. As such, our sponsor's interest in this transaction is valued at between $8,000,000 and $8,900,000, depending on the number of private placement warrants purchased. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, expect as described herein.
        As more fully discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled "Management—Conflicts of Interest," if any of our officer or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officer and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.
        We currently maintain our executive offices at 71 Fort Street, PO Box 500, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, KY1-1106. The cost for our use of this space is included in the $10,000 per month fee we will pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq. Upon the completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
        No compensation of any kind, including finder's and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officer and directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for
144
Table of Contents
any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officer, directors or their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
        Prior to the consummation of this offering, our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 and the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the offering proceeds not held in the trust account.
        In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, its affiliates, our officer or certain of our directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans by our officer and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
        After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
        We will enter into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our initial shareholders will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon the consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement, which is described under the section of this prospectus entitled "Description of Securities—Registration and Shareholder Rights."
Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions
        The audit committee of our board of directors will adopt a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of "related party transactions," which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee's discussions of the related party transaction. Upon the completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction.
145
Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
        We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which will be adopted prior to the consummation of this offering, we will be authorized to issue 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 each, 30,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 each, and 3,000,000 preference shares, par value $0.0001 each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
Units
        Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company's Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder.
        The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units are expected to begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Credit Suisse and UBS Investment Bank inform us of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the Class A ordinary shares and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.
        In no event will the Class A ordinary shares and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes this audited balance sheet promptly after the completion of this offering. If the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option.
        Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after the completion of our initial business combination.
Ordinary Shares
        Prior to the date of this prospectus, there were 9,000,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were held of record by our initial shareholders, so that our initial shareholders will own 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares after this offering and the expiration of the underwriters' option to purchase additional units plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering). Upon the closing of this offering, 39,000,000 of
146
Table of Contents
our ordinary shares will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option) including:
•
30,000,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as part of this offering; and

•
9,000,000 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders.
        If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization, a share surrender or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements.
        Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each ordinary share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders except as described below. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.
        Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted at a quorate general meeting of the company is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions, such as amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company, will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, being the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company which shall include the affirmative vote of holders of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company.
        Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at a meeting of our board.
147
Table of Contents
        We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.
        Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon the completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC's proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules.
        If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if holders of one-third of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders' founder shares, we would need 10,500,001, or 35.0% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised) of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. The participation of our sponsor, officer, directors, advisors or
148
Table of Contents
their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require that at least five days' notice will be given of any general meeting.
        If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders' ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders' inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
        Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders' rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.
        Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary
149
Table of Contents
shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.
Founder Shares
        The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (c) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe); (d) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein; and (e) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination.
        The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of this offering plus the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination (including the forward purchase shares, but not the forward purchase warrants), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or
150
Table of Contents
convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.
        In connection with the forward purchase agreements, our sponsor transferred to the anchor investors 750,000 founder shares. The founder shares transferred to the anchor investors are subject to similar contractual conditions and restrictions as the founder shares issued to our sponsor. The anchor investors will have redemption rights with respect to any public shares they own.
        Except as described herein, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares.
Register of Members
        Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein:
•
the names and addresses of the members, together a statement of the shares held by each member, and such statement shall confirm (i) the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid on the shares of each member, (ii) the number and category of shares held by each member, and (iii) whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the company, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional;

•
the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and

•
the date on which any person ceased to be a member.
        Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this offering, the register of members will be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court.
151
Table of Contents
Preference Shares
        Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will authorize 3,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares are being issued or registered in this offering.
Warrants
Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants
        Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of twelve months from the closing of this offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
        We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit.
        We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the
152
Table of Contents
warrant agreement; provided that, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a "covered security" under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a "cashless basis" in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a "cashless basis" in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the "fair market value" (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The "fair market value" as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent.
        Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00.    Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):
•
in whole and not in part;

•
at a price of $0.01 per warrant;

•
upon a minimum of 30 days' prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

•
if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading "—Anti-dilution Adjustments") for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
        We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
        We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading "—Anti-dilution Adjustments") as well as the $11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.
153
Table of Contents
        Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00.    Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants:
•
in whole and not in part;

•
at a price of $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days' prior written notice of redemption, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the "fair market value" of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below;

•
if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading "—Anti-dilution Adjustments") for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and

•
if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading "—Anti-dilution Adjustments"), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above.
        Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the "fair market value" of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for $0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends.
        Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination.
        The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading "—Anti-dilution Adjustments" below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment and the denominator of which is the exercise price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of the warrant immediately
154
Table of Contents
prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of the warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading "—Anti-dilution Adjustments" below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading "—Anti-dilution Adjustments" and the denominator of which is $10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading "—Anti-dilution Adjustments" below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment.
 
  Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares  
Redemption Date
(period to expiration of warrants)   £$10.00   11.00   12.00   13.00   14.00   15.00   16.00   17.00   ³18.00  
60 months
    0.261     0.281     0.297     0.311     0.324     0.337     0.348     0.358     0.361  
57 months
    0.257     0.277     0.294     0.310     0.324     0.337     0.348     0.358     0.361  
54 months
    0.252     0.272     0.291     0.307     0.322     0.335     0.347     0.357     0.361  
51 months
    0.246     0.268     0.287     0.304     0.320     0.333     0.346     0.357     0.361  
48 months
    0.241     0.263     0.283     0.301     0.317     0.332     0.344     0.356     0.361  
45 months
    0.235     0.258     0.279     0.298     0.315     0.330     0.343     0.356     0.361  
42 months
    0.228     0.252     0.274     0.294     0.312     0.328     0.342     0.355     0.361  
39 months
    0.221     0.246     0.269     0.290     0.309     0.325     0.340     0.354     0.361  
36 months
    0.213     0.239     0.263     0.285     0.305     0.323     0.339     0.353     0.361  
33 months
    0.205     0.232     0.257     0.280     0.301     0.320     0.337     0.352     0.361  
30 months
    0.196     0.224     0.250     0.274     0.297     0.316     0.335     0.351     0.361  
27 months
    0.185     0.214     0.242     0.268     0.291     0.313     0.332     0.350     0.361  
24 months
    0.173     0.204     0.233     0.260     0.285     0.308     0.329     0.348     0.361  
21 months
    0.161     0.193     0.223     0.252     0.279     0.304     0.326     0.347     0.361  
18 months
    0.146     0.179     0.211     0.242     0.271     0.298     0.322     0.345     0.361  
15 months
    0.130     0.164     0.197     0.230     0.262     0.291     0.317     0.342     0.361  
12 months
    0.111     0.146     0.181     0.216     0.250     0.282     0.312     0.339     0.361  
9 months
    0.090     0.125     0.162     0.199     0.237     0.272     0.305     0.336     0.361  
6 months
    0.065     0.099     0.137     0.178     0.219     0.259     0.296     0.331     0.361  
3 months
    0.034     0.065     0.104     0.150     0.197     0.243     0.286     0.326     0.361  
0 months
    —     —     0.042     0.115     0.179     0.233     0.281     0.323     0.361  
        The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is $11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is $13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant
155
Table of Contents
(subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares.
        This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in some other blank check offerings, which only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds $18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above $10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the $18.00 per share threshold set forth above under "—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00." Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of this prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders.
        As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at $10.00, which is below the exercise price of $11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, which could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of $11.50.
        No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, our company (or the surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants.
Redemption Procedures.
        A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person's affiliates), to the warrant agent's actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.
156
Table of Contents
Anti-dilution Adjustments.
        If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend paid in Class A ordinary shares to all or substantially all holders of Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the "historical fair market value" (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one, minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) "historical fair market value" means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.
        In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed $0.50 per share (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than $0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event.
        If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares.
        Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant
157
Table of Contents
exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.
        In addition, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the "Newly Issued Price"), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the "Market Value") is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under "—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00" and "—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00" will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under "—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00" will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
        In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation or entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation or company and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company's amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon the completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker
158
Table of Contents
(within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50% of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants.
        The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding public warrants and forward purchase warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants.
        The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by holders of Class A ordinary shares.
        No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.
        We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See "Risk Factors—Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders
159
Table of Contents
of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company." This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.
        The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms as our public warrants.
Private Placement Warrants
        Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under "Principal Shareholders—Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants") and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described under "—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00") so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 50% of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants.
        Except as described above under "—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00," if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the "sponsor fair market value" (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, the "sponsor fair market value" shall mean the average last reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.
        In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, its affiliates, our officer or certain of our directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post
160
Table of Contents
business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.
Dividends
        We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase the size of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization or other appropriate mechanism immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent
        The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, officers, directors and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity.
Certain Differences in Corporate Law
        Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders.
        Mergers and Similar Arrangements.    In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that it is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction).
        Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan of merger or consolidation must then be authorized by (a) a special resolution (the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting or a unanimous written resolution) of the shareholders of each company; and (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company's articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90% of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company where the parent and subsidiary company are both incorporated under the Companies Act. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of
161
Table of Contents
the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation.
        Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted.
        Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands company, the directors of the Cayman Islands company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation.
        Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of their shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his decision to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (c) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree on a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company must (and any dissenting shareholder may) file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition by the company must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements
162
Table of Contents
as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date and where the consideration for such shares are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company.
        Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, by way of schemes of arrangement, which will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a "scheme of arrangement" which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a general meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that:
•
we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with;

•
the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question;

•
the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and

•
the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a "fraud on the minority."
        If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations.
        Squeeze-out Provisions.    When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90% of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders.
        Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business.
        Shareholders' Suits.    Appleby, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officer or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder.
163
Table of Contents
However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which:
•
a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;

•
the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or

•
those who control the company are perpetrating a "fraud on the minority."
        A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.
        Enforcement of Civil Liabilities.    The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States.
        We have been advised by Appleby, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.
        Special Considerations for Exempted Companies.    We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below:
•
an exempted company (other than an exempted company holding a license to carry on business in the Cayman Islands) does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;

•
an exempted company's register of members is not open to inspection;

•
an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;

•
an exempted company may issue shares with no par value;

•
an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation;
164
Table of Contents
•
an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands;

•
an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and

•
an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.
        "Limited liability" means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
        Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares (or any higher threshold specified in a company's articles of association) which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company; or (ii) if so authorized by a company's articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company's shareholders entitled to vote. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that special resolutions must be approved either by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company, provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company which shall include the affirmative vote of holders of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company.
        Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own 20% of the sum of the total number of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the closing of this offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
        Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that:
•
If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders' rights as shareholders (including the
165
Table of Contents
right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;
•
Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions;

•
Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officer or directors, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;

•
If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;

•
So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement to enter into the initial business combination;

•
If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and

•
We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
166
Table of Contents
        In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.
        The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting, or by a unanimous written resolution. A company's articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officer or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares.
Anti-Money Laundering—Cayman Islands
        In order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering, we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures, and may require subscribers to provide evidence to verify their identity and source of funds. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we may also delegate the maintenance of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition of due diligence information) to a suitable person.
        We reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In some cases the directors may be satisfied that no further information is required since an exemption applies under the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, as amended and revised from time to time (the "Regulations"). Depending on the circumstances of each application, a detailed verification of identity might not be required where:
a)
the subscriber is a relevant financial business required to comply with the Regulations or is a majority-owned subsidiary of such a business; or

b)
the subscriber is acting in the course of a business in relation to which a regulatory authority exercises regulatory functions and which is in a country listed by the Cayman Islands Anti-Money Laundering Steering Committee ("Equivalent Jurisdiction") or is a majority-owned subsidiary of such subscriber; or

c)
the subscriber is a central or local government organization, statutory body or agency of government in the Cayman Islands or an Equivalent Jurisdiction; or

d)
the subscriber is a company that is listed on a recognized stock exchange and subject to disclosure requirements which impose requirements to ensure adequate transparency of beneficial ownership, or is a majority-owned subsidiary of such a company; or

e)
the subscriber is a pension fund for a professional association, trade union or is acting on behalf of employees of an entity referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d); or

f)
the application is made through an intermediary which falls within one of sub-paragraphs (a) to (e). In this situation the company may rely on a written assurance from the intermediary which confirms (i) that the requisite identification and verification procedures on the applicant for business and its beneficial owners have been carried out; (ii) the nature and intended purpose of the business relationship; (iii) that the intermediary has identified the source of
167
Table of Contents
funds of the applicant for business; and (iv) that the intermediary shall make available copies of any identification and verification data or information and relevant documents.
        For the purposes of these exceptions, recognition of a financial institution, regulatory authority or jurisdiction will be determined in accordance with the Regulations by reference to those jurisdictions recognized by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority as having equivalent anti-money laundering regulations.
        In the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for verification purposes, we may refuse to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally debited.
        We also reserve the right to refuse to make any payment to a shareholder if our officer or directors suspect or are advised that the payment to such shareholder might result in a breach of applicable anti-money laundering or other laws or regulations by any person in any relevant jurisdiction, or if such refusal is considered necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or regulations in any applicable jurisdiction.
        If any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.
Data Protection—Cayman Islands
        We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (the "DPL") based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy.
Privacy Notice
Introduction
        This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPL ("personal data"). In the following discussion, the "company" refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise.
Investor Data
        We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPL, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data.
168
Table of Contents
        In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a "data controller" for the purposes of the DPL, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our "data processors" for the purposes of the DPL or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us.
        We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder's investment activity.
Who this Affects
        If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content.
How the Company May Use a Shareholder's Personal Data
        The company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular:
a)
where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements;

b)
where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or

c)
where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms.
        Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you.
Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data
        In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities.
        We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf.
The Data Protection Measures We Take
        Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPL.
169
Table of Contents
        We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data.
        We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates.
Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
        Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings.
        Our authorized but unissued ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.
Securities Eligible for Future Sale
        Immediately after this offering, we will have 39,000,000 Class A ordinary shares (or 44,625,000 Class A ordinary shares if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the Class A ordinary shares sold in this offering (30,000,000 Class A ordinary shares if the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised and 34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding founder shares (9,000,000 founder shares if the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised and 10,125,000 founder shares if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) and all of the outstanding private placement warrants (5,333,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised and 5,933,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.
        Upon the closing of the sale of the forward purchase securities, all of the 6,000,000 forward purchase shares, 1,500,000 forward purchase warrants and Class A ordinary shares underlying the forward purchase warrants will be restricted securities under Rule 144.
Rule 144
        Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.
170
Table of Contents
        Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:
•
1% of the total number of ordinary shares then-outstanding, which will equal 390,000 shares immediately after this offering (or 446,250 shares if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or

•
the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
        Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
        Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:
•
the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;

•
the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

•
the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
        As a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.
Registration and Shareholder Rights
        The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain "piggy-back" registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
171
Table of Contents
        Pursuant to the forward purchase agreements, we have agreed that we will use our reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business combination (and, with respect to (ii)(B) below, within 30 days following announcement of the results of the shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination or the results of our offer to shareholders to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with our initial business combination (whichever is later), which we refer to as the "disclosure date") a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of (A) the forward purchase securities, Class A ordinary shares underlying the forward purchase warrants and the Class A ordinary shares into which the anchor investors' founder shares are convertible, (B) any other Class A ordinary shares or warrants acquired by the anchor investors any time after we complete our initial business combination, and (C) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to the securities referred to in (i)(A) and (i)(B) by way of a share capitalization or share sub-division or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization, (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter, but in no event later than 60 days after the closing of the initial business combination, and (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the anchor investor or its assignee ceases to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and without the requirement to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) under the Securities Act, subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the forward purchase agreements. We will bear the cost of registering these securities.
        Except as described herein, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up.
        In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.
Listing of Securities
        We intend to apply to have our units listed on Nasdaq under the symbol "ARTAU." Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols "ARTA" and "ARTAW," respectively. The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded following the completion of our initial business combination.
172
Table of Contents

TAXATION
        The following summary of certain Cayman Islands and U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant, which we refer to collectively as our securities, is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this prospectus, all of which are subject to change. This summary does not deal with all possible tax consequences relating to an investment in our Class A ordinary shares and warrants, such as the tax consequences under U.S. state, local and other tax laws.
        Prospective investors should consult their advisors on the possible tax consequences of investing in our securities under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence or domicile.
Cayman Islands Tax Considerations
        The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in the securities of the Company. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor's particular circumstances, and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands law.
Under Existing Cayman Islands Laws
        Payments of dividends and capital in respect of our securities will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment of a dividend or capital to any holder of the securities nor will gains derived from the disposal of the securities be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporate tax. The Cayman Islands currently has no income, corporate or capital gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance tax or gift tax.
        No stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue of the warrants. An instrument of transfer in respect of a warrant is stampable if executed in or brought into the Cayman Islands.
        No stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue of our Class A ordinary shares or on an instrument of transfer in respect of such shares (unless the original of such instrument of transfer is executed in or brought into the Cayman Islands).
        The company has been incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability and, as such, has applied for and received an undertaking from the Cabinet Office of the Cayman Islands in the following form:

The Tax Concessions Law
Undertaking as to Tax Concessions
        In accordance with the Tax Concessions Law, the following undertaking is hereby given to Artisan Acquisition Corp. (the "Company")
        (a)   That no law which is hereafter enacted in the Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to the Company or its operations; and
        (b)   In addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable
(i)
on or in respect of the shares debentures or other obligations of the Company; or

(ii)
by way of the withholding in whole or part, of any relevant payment as defined in the Tax Concessions Law.These concessions shall be for a period of 30 years from the 8th day of February 2021.
173
Table of Contents
United States Federal Income Tax Considerations
General
        The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax considerations generally applicable to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our units (each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant) that are purchased in this offering by U.S. Holders (as defined below) and Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below). Because the components of a unit are generally separable at the option of the holder, the holder of a unit generally should be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as the owner of the underlying Class A ordinary share and warrant components of the unit. As a result, the discussion below with respect to holders of Class A ordinary shares and warrants should also apply to holders of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying Class A ordinary shares and warrants that constitute the units).
        This discussion is limited to certain U.S. federal income tax considerations to beneficial owners of our securities who are initial purchasers of a unit pursuant to this offering and hold the unit and each component of the unit as a capital asset under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). This discussion assumes that the Class A ordinary shares and warrants will trade separately and that any distributions made (or deemed made) by us on our Class A ordinary shares and any consideration received (or deemed received) by a holder in consideration for the sale or other disposition of our securities will be in U.S. dollars. This discussion is a summary only and does not consider all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of a unit by a prospective investor in light of its particular circumstances, including:
•
our sponsor, officer or directors;

•
banks, financial institutions or financial services entities;

•
broker-dealers;

•
taxpayers that are subject to the mark-to-market accounting rules;

•
tax-exempt entities;

•
S-corporations;

•
governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof;

•
insurance companies;

•
regulated investment companies;

•
real estate investment trusts;

•
controlled foreign corporations;

•
passive foreign investment companies;

•
expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States;

•
persons that actually or constructively own five percent or more of our shares, by vote or value;

•
persons that acquired our securities pursuant to an exercise of employee share options, in connection with employee share incentive plans or otherwise as compensation or in connection with services;

•
persons that hold our securities as part of a straddle, constructive sale, hedging, conversion or other integrated or similar transaction; or

•
U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar.
174
Table of Contents
        Moreover, the discussion below is based upon the provisions of the Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as of the date hereof. Those authorities may be repealed, revoked, modified or subject to differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. Furthermore, this discussion does not address any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as gift, estate or Medicare contribution tax laws, or state, local or non-U.S. tax laws or considerations under any applicable tax treaty.
        We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the IRS as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the discussion herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion.
        As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
•
an individual citizen or resident of the United States;

•
a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;

•
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or

•
a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person.
        This discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships or other pass-through entities or persons who hold our securities through such entities. If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our securities, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partner and the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding our securities, we urge you to consult your own tax advisor.
        THIS DISCUSSION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES, AND IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR CAREFUL TAX PLANNING. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN OUR SECURITIES IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTOR OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-UNITED STATES TAX LAWS, AS WELL AS UNDER ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATY.
Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit
        No statutory, administrative or judicial authority directly addresses the treatment of a unit or instruments similar to a unit for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. The acquisition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the acquisition of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant, a whole one of which is exercisable to acquire one Class A ordinary share. We intend to treat the acquisition of a unit
175
Table of Contents
in this manner and, by purchasing a unit, you must adopt such treatment for applicable tax purposes. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit will agree to allocate the purchase price paid by such holder for such unit between the one Class A ordinary share and the one-third of one redeemable warrant based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. Under U.S. federal income tax law, each investor must make his or her own determination of such value based on all the relevant facts and circumstances. Therefore, we strongly urge each investor to consult his or her tax advisor regarding the determination of value for these purposes. The price allocated to each Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant should constitute the shareholder's initial tax basis in such share or warrant. Any disposition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a disposition of the Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant comprising the unit, and the amount realized on the disposition should be allocated between the Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant based on their respective relative fair market values at the time of disposition (as determined by each such unit holder based on all relevant facts and circumstances). Neither the separation of the Class A ordinary share and the one-third of one redeemable warrant constituting a unit nor the combination of thirds of warrants into a single warrant should be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
        The foregoing treatment of the units, the Class A ordinary shares and warrants and a holder's purchase price allocation are not binding on the IRS or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult its tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit). The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
U.S. Holders
Taxation of Distributions
        Subject to the passive foreign investment company ("PFIC") rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income as dividends the amount of any distribution paid on our Class A ordinary shares (other than certain pro-rata distributions of our shares or rights to acquire our shares) to the extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such dividends paid by us will be taxable to a corporate U.S. Holder at regular rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. Distributions in excess of such earnings and profits generally will be applied against and reduce the U.S. Holder's basis in its Class A ordinary shares (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such Class A ordinary shares (see "—Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants" below). U.S. Holders should be aware that financial intermediaries may report the entire amount of any distribution we make as a dividend if such intermediaries cannot determine the amount of our earnings and profits, as calculated for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
        With respect to non-corporate U.S. Holders, under tax laws currently in effect and subject to certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations), dividends generally will be taxed at the lower applicable long-term capital gains rate (see "—Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants" below) only if our Class A ordinary shares are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States (which will be the case if our shares are traded on Nasdaq), the Company is not treated as a PFIC at the time the dividend was paid
176
Table of Contents
or in the preceding year and provided certain holding period and other requirements are met. It is unclear, however, whether certain redemption rights described in this prospectus may suspend the running of the applicable holding period for this purpose. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of such lower rate for any dividends paid with respect to our Class A ordinary shares.
Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants
        Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss on the sale or other taxable disposition of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants (including on our dissolution and liquidation if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period). Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder's holding period for such Class A ordinary shares or warrants exceeds one year. It is unclear, however, whether certain redemption rights described in this prospectus may suspend the running of the applicable holding period for this purpose.
        The amount of gain or loss recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition generally will be equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition (or, if the Class A ordinary shares or warrants are held as part of units at the time of the disposition, the portion of the amount realized on such disposition that is allocated to the Class A ordinary shares or warrants based upon the then relative fair market values of the Class A ordinary shares and the warrants included in the units) and (ii) the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in its Class A ordinary shares or warrants so disposed of. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in its Class A ordinary shares and warrants generally will equal the U.S. Holder's acquisition cost (that is, the portion of the purchase price of a unit allocated to a Class A ordinary share or one-third of one redeemable warrant, as described above under "—Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit") reduced by any prior distributions treated as a return of capital. Long-term capital gain realized by a non-corporate U.S. Holder is currently eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. See "—Exercise, Lapse or Redemption of a Warrant" below for a discussion regarding a U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Class A ordinary share acquired pursuant to the exercise of a warrant. The deduction of capital losses is subject to certain limitations.
Redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares
        Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, in the event that a U.S. Holder's Class A ordinary shares are redeemed pursuant to the redemption provisions described in this prospectus under "Description of Securities—Ordinary Shares" or if we purchase a U.S. Holder's Class A ordinary shares in an open market transaction (referred to herein as a "redemption"), the treatment of the redemption for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on whether it qualifies as a sale of the Class A ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of Class A ordinary shares, the U.S. Holder will be treated as described under "—Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants" above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of Class A ordinary shares, the U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving a corporate distribution with the tax consequences described above under "—Taxation of Distributions." Whether a redemption qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of our shares treated as held by the U.S. Holder (including any shares constructively owned by the U.S. Holder described in the following paragraph) relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after such redemption. The redemption of Class A ordinary shares generally will be treated as a sale of the Class A ordinary shares (rather than as a corporate distribution) if such redemption (i) is "substantially disproportionate" with respect to the U.S. Holder, (ii) results in a "complete
177
Table of Contents
termination" of the U.S. Holder's interest in us or (iii) is "not essentially equivalent to a dividend" with respect to the U.S. Holder. These tests are explained more fully below.
        In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. Holder takes into account not only our Class A ordinary shares actually owned by the U.S. Holder, but also our shares that are constructively owned by it. A U.S. Holder may constructively own, in addition to shares owned directly, shares owned by certain related individuals and entities in which the U.S. Holder has an interest or that have an interest in such U.S. Holder, as well as any shares the U.S. Holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include Class A ordinary shares which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of the warrants. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder immediately following the redemption of Class A ordinary shares must, among other requirements, be less than 80 percent of the percentage of our outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder immediately before the redemption. Prior to our initial business combination, the Class A ordinary shares may not be treated as voting shares for this purpose and, consequently, this substantially disproportionate test may not be applicable. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. Holder's interest if either (i) all of our shares actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder are redeemed or (ii) all of our shares actually owned by the U.S. Holder are redeemed and the U.S. Holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of shares owned by certain family members and the U.S. Holder does not constructively own any other shares of ours. The redemption of the Class A ordinary shares will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend with respect to a U.S. Holder if it results in a "meaningful reduction" of the U.S. Holder's proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. Holder's proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority shareholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a "meaningful reduction." A U.S. Holder should consult with its tax advisors as to the tax consequences of a redemption.
        If none of the foregoing tests are satisfied, then the redemption will be treated as a corporate distribution and the tax effects will be as described under "—Taxation of Distributions" above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis of the U.S. Holder in the redeemed Class A ordinary shares will be added to the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in its remaining shares, or, if it has none, to the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in its warrants or possibly in other shares constructively owned by it.
Exercise, Lapse or Redemption of a Warrant
        Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below and except as discussed below with respect to the cashless exercise of a warrant, a U.S. Holder generally will not recognize gain or loss upon the acquisition of a Class A ordinary share on the exercise of a warrant for cash. A U.S. Holder's initial tax basis in a Class A ordinary share received upon exercise of the warrant generally will equal the sum of the U.S. Holder's initial investment in the warrant (that is, the portion of the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the units that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under "—Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit") and the exercise price. It is unclear whether a U.S. Holder's holding period for the Class A ordinary share received upon exercise of a warrant will commence on the date of exercise of the warrant or the day following the date of exercise of the warrant; in either case, the holding period will not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the warrant. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder's tax basis in the warrant.
178
Table of Contents
        The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current law. Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a cashless exercise may not be taxable, either because the exercise is not a realization event or because the exercise is treated as a "recapitalization" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either situation, a U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Class A ordinary shares received generally would equal the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the warrants. If the cashless exercise was not a realization event, it is unclear whether a U.S. Holder's holding period for the Class A ordinary share received upon exercise will commence on the date of exercise of the warrant or the day following the date of exercise of the warrant. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the Class A ordinary shares received would include the holding period of the warrants.
        It is also possible that a cashless exercise may be treated as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a U.S. Holder may be deemed to have surrendered a number of warrants having a value equal to the exercise price for the total number of warrants to be exercised. Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, the U.S. Holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in such warrants. In this case, a U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Class A ordinary shares received would equal the sum of the U.S. Holder's initial investment in the warrants exercised (i.e., the portion of the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the units that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under "—Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit") and the exercise price of such warrants. It is unclear whether a U.S. Holder's holding period for the Class A ordinary share received would commence on the date of exercise of the warrant or the day following the date of exercise of the warrant.
        Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, a U.S. Holder should consult its tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise.
        The U.S. federal income tax consequences of an exercise of a warrant occurring after our giving notice of an intention to redeem the warrant for $0.01 as described in the section of this prospectus entitled "Description of Securities—Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00" or after our giving notice of an intention to redeem the warrant for $0.10 as described in the section of this prospectus entitled "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00" are unclear under current law. In the case of a cashless exercise, the exercise may be treated either as if we redeemed such warrant for Class A ordinary shares or as an exercise of the warrant. If the cashless exercise of a warrant for Class A ordinary shares is treated as a redemption, then, subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, such redemption generally should be treated as a tax-deferred recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case a U.S. Holder should not recognize any gain or loss on such redemption, and accordingly, a U.S. Holder's aggregate tax basis in the Class A ordinary shares received in the redemption generally should equal the U.S. Holder's aggregate tax basis in the warrants redeemed and the holding period for the Class A ordinary shares received should include the U.S. Holder's holding period for the surrendered warrants. Alternatively, if the cashless exercise of a warrant is treated as the exercise of a warrant, the U.S. federal income tax consequences generally should be similar to as described above in the second and third paragraphs. In the case of an exercise of a warrant for cash, the U.S. federal income tax treatment generally should be as described above in the first paragraph. Due to the lack of clarity under current law regarding the treatment described in this paragraph, there can be no assurance as to which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax
179
Table of Contents
consequences of the exercise of a warrant occurring after our giving notice of an intention to redeem the warrant as described above.
        Subject to the PFIC rules described below, if we redeem warrants for cash pursuant to the redemption provisions described in the section of this prospectus entitled "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants" or if we purchase warrants in an open market transaction, such redemption or purchase generally will be treated as a taxable disposition to the U.S. Holder, taxed as described above under "—Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants."
Possible Constructive Distributions
        The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of Class A ordinary shares for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section of this prospectus captioned "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants." An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. The U.S. Holders of the warrants would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment increases such U.S. Holders' proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of Class A ordinary shares that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease to the exercise price, including, for example, the decrease to the exercise price of the warrants where additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share, as described under "Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders' Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants—Anti-dilution Adjustments") as a result of a distribution of cash or other property to the holders of our Class A ordinary shares, which is taxable to the U.S. Holders of such Class A ordinary shares as described under "—Taxation of Distributions" above. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax as described under that section in the same manner as if the U.S. Holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest.
Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules
        A foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes if either (i) at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, is passive income or (ii) at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year (ordinarily determined based on fair market value and averaged quarterly over the year), including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of passive assets. Cash is generally a passive asset. The value of goodwill is active to the extent attributable to activities that produce active income.
        Because we are a blank check company, with no current active business, we believe that it is likely that we will meet the PFIC asset or income test for our current taxable year. However, pursuant to a start-up exception, a corporation will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has gross income (the "start-up year"), if (1) no predecessor of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) it is established to the satisfaction of the IRS that the corporation will not be a PFIC for either of the two taxable years following the start-up year; and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years. The applicability of the start-up exception to us is uncertain and will not be known until after the close of our current taxable year (or possibly not until after the close of the first two taxable years following our start-up year, as described under the start-up exception). After the acquisition of a company or
180
Table of Contents
assets in a business combination, we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending on the timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as the passive income and assets of the acquired business. If the company that we acquire in a business combination is a PFIC, then we will not qualify for the start-up exception and will be a PFIC for our current taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of our current taxable year, perhaps until after the end of our two taxable years following our current taxable year if the start-up exception applies). Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any future taxable year.
        Although our PFIC status is determined annually, an initial determination that our company is a PFIC will generally apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder who held Class A ordinary shares or warrants while we were a PFIC, whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants and, in the case of our Class A ordinary shares, the U.S. Holder did not make either a qualified electing fund ("QEF") election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) Class A ordinary shares, a QEF election along with a purging election, or a mark-to-market election, each as described below, such U.S. Holder generally will be subject to special rules with respect to (i) any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of its Class A ordinary shares or warrants and (ii) any "excess distribution" made to the U.S. Holder (generally, any actual or constructive distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of the Class A ordinary shares during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such U.S. Holder's holding period for the Class A ordinary shares).
        Under these rules:
•
the U.S. Holder's gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder's holding period for the Class A ordinary shares or warrants;

•
the amount allocated to the U.S. Holder's taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the U.S. Holder's holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income;

•
the amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and

•
an additional tax equal to the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed on the U.S. Holder with respect to the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder described in the preceding bullet.
        Certain proposed regulations (having a retroactive effective date) would treat the warrants as stock for purposes of these rules, and the holding period of Class A ordinary shares acquired upon exercise of the warrants would include the period the warrants were held.
        In general, if we are determined to be a PFIC, a U.S. Holder may avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect of our Class A ordinary shares (but not our warrants) by making a timely and valid QEF election (if eligible to do so) to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a current basis, in each case whether or not distributed, in the taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends. A U.S. Holder generally may make a separate election to defer
181
Table of Contents
the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any such taxes will be subject to an interest charge.
        A U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with respect to its warrants to acquire our Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if a U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants (other than upon exercise of such warrants) and we were a PFIC at any time during the U.S. Holder's holding period of such warrants, any gain recognized generally will be treated as an excess distribution, taxed as described above. If a U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired Class A ordinary shares (or has previously made a QEF election with respect to our Class A ordinary shares), the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding such QEF election, the adverse tax consequences relating to PFIC shares, adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions resulting from the QEF election, will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired Class A ordinary shares because they generally will be deemed to have a holding period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants (either under the proposed regulations, or in the case that a cashless exercise or redemption of warrants for shares is treated as a recapitalization, as described above), unless the U.S. Holder makes a purging election under the PFIC rules. Under the purging election, the U.S. Holder will be deemed to have sold such shares at their fair market value and any gain recognized on such deemed sale will be treated as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will have a new basis and holding period in the Class A ordinary shares acquired upon the exercise of the warrants for purposes of the PFIC rules. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors as to the application of the rules governing purging elections to their particular circumstances (including the availability of a separate purging election available if we are a controlled foreign corporation).
        The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and, once made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Information Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign Investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund), including the information provided in a PFIC Annual Information Statement, to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances.
        In order to comply with the requirements of a QEF election, a U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC Annual Information Statement from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election, but there is no assurance that we will timely provide such required information. There is also no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided.
        If a U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to our Class A ordinary shares, and the excess distribution rules discussed above do not apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint pursuant to a purging election, as described above), any gain recognized on the sale of our Class A ordinary shares generally will be taxable as capital gain and no additional tax or interest charge will be imposed under the PFIC rules. As discussed above, if we are a PFIC for any taxable year, a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares that has made a QEF election will be currently taxed on its pro rata share of our earnings and profits, whether or not distributed for such year. A subsequent distribution of such earnings and profits that were previously included in income generally should not be taxable when distributed to such U.S. Holder. The tax basis of a U.S. Holder's
182
Table of Contents
shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income, and decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends, under the above rules. In addition, if we are not a PFIC for any taxable year, such U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to our Class A ordinary shares for such taxable year.
        Alternatively, if we are a PFIC and our Class A ordinary shares constitute "marketable stock," a U.S. Holder may avoid the adverse PFIC tax consequences discussed above if such U.S. Holder, at the close of the first taxable year in which it holds (or is deemed to hold) our Class A ordinary shares, makes a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. Such U.S. Holder generally will include for each of its taxable years as ordinary income the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its Class A ordinary shares at the end of such year over its adjusted basis in its Class A ordinary shares. The U.S. Holder also will recognize an ordinary loss in respect of the excess, if any, of its adjusted basis of its Class A ordinary shares over the fair market value of its Class A ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The U.S. Holder's basis in its Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of its Class A ordinary shares will be treated as ordinary income. Currently, a mark-to-market election may not be made with respect to warrants.
        The mark-to-market election is available only for "marketable stock," generally, stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Nasdaq (on which we intend to list the Class A ordinary shares), or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. If made, a mark-to-market election would be effective for the taxable year for which the election was made and for all subsequent taxable years unless the ordinary shares ceased to qualify as "marketable stock" for purposes of the PFIC rules or the IRS consented to the revocation of the election. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election with respect to our Class A ordinary shares under their particular circumstances.
        If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC, and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. We will endeavor to cause any lower-tier PFIC to provide to a U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. There can be no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide such required information. Moreover, a mark-to-market election made with respect to our Class A ordinary shares would not apply to any lower-tier PFICs in which we hold an interest. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs.
        A U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621 (whether or not a QEF or market-to-market election is made) and such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department. Failure to do so, if required, will extend the statute of limitations until such required information is furnished to the IRS.
        The rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF and mark-to-market elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly, U.S. Holders of
183
Table of Contents
our Class A ordinary shares and warrants should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules to our securities under their particular circumstances.
Tax Reporting
        Certain U.S. Holders may be required to file an IRS Form 926 (Return by a U.S. Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation) to report a transfer of property (including cash) to us. Substantial penalties may be imposed on a U.S. Holder that fails to comply with this reporting requirement and the period of limitations on assessment and collection of U.S. federal income taxes will be extended in the event of a failure to comply. Furthermore, certain U.S. Holders who are individuals and certain entities will be required to report information with respect to such U.S. Holder's investment in "specified foreign financial assets" on IRS Form 8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets), subject to certain exceptions. An interest in the Company constitutes a specified foreign financial asset for these purposes. Persons who are required to report specified foreign financial assets and fail to do so may be subject to substantial penalties and the period of limitations on assessment and collection of U.S. federal income taxes will be extended in the event of a failure to comply. Potential investors are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the foreign financial asset and other reporting obligations and their application to an investment in our Class A ordinary shares and warrants.
Non-U.S. Holders
        This section applies to you if you are a "Non-U.S. Holder." As used herein, the term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of our units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants (other than a partnership or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
•
a non-resident alien individual (other than certain former citizens and residents of the United States subject to U.S. tax as expatriates);

•
a foreign corporation; or

•
an estate or trust that is not a U.S. Holder;
        but generally does not include an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition. If you are such an individual, you should consult your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the sale or other disposition of our securities.
        Dividends (including constructive dividends) paid or deemed paid to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect of our Class A ordinary shares generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, unless the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder's conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains in the United States). In addition, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain attributable to a sale or other taxable disposition of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants unless such gain is effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains in the United States).
        Dividends (including constructive dividends) and gains that are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder's conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States) generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the same regular U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to a comparable U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a
184
Table of Contents
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, also may be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate.
        The characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of a Non-U.S. Holder's Class A ordinary shares will generally correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of such a redemption of a U.S. Holder's Class A ordinary shares, as described under "U.S. Holders—Redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares" above, and the consequences of the redemption to the Non-U.S. Holder will be as described in the paragraphs above under the heading "Non-U.S. Holders" based on such characterization.
        The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a Non-U.S. Holder's exercise of a warrant, or the lapse of a warrant held by a Non-U.S. Holder, generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the exercise or lapse of a warrant by a U.S. Holder, as described under "—U.S. Holders—Exercise, Lapse or Redemption of a Warrant" above, although to the extent a cashless exercise results in a taxable exchange, the consequences would be similar to those described in the preceding paragraphs above for a Non-U.S. Holder's gain on the sale or other disposition of our Class A ordinary shares and warrants.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
        Dividend payments with respect to our Class A ordinary shares and proceeds from the sale, exchange or redemption of our Class A ordinary shares may be subject to information reporting to the IRS and possible United States backup withholding. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. Holder who furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and makes other required certifications, or who is otherwise exempt from backup withholding and establishes such exempt status. A Non-U.S. Holder generally will eliminate the requirement for information reporting and backup withholding by providing certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 or by otherwise establishing an exemption.
        Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Amounts withheld as backup withholding may be credited against a holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, and a holder generally may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for refund with the IRS and furnishing any required information.
        The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and may not be applicable depending upon a holder's particular situation. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences to them of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our Class A ordinary shares and warrants, including the tax consequences under state, local, estate, foreign and other tax laws and tax treaties and the possible effects of changes in U.S. or other tax laws.
185
Table of Contents

UNDERWRITING
        Under the terms and subject to the conditions contained in an underwriting agreement dated the date of this prospectus, we have agreed to sell to the underwriters named below the following respective numbers of units:
Underwriter   Number of
Units  
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
        UBS Securities LLC
        Total
    30,000,000  
        The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriters are obligated to purchase all the units in this offering if any are purchased, other than those units covered by the over-allotment option described below.
        We have granted to the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase on a pro rata basis up to 4,500,000 additional units at the initial public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The option may be exercised only to cover any over-allotments of units.
        The underwriters propose to offer the units initially at the public offering price on the cover page of this prospectus and to selling group members at that price less a selling concession of $            per unit. The offering of the units by the underwriters is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject to the underwriters' right to reject any order in whole or in part.
        The following table summarizes the compensation and estimated expenses we will pay:
 
  Paid By Artisan Acquisition Corp.  
 
  No Exercise   Full Exercise  
Per Unit(1)
  $ 0.55   $ 0.55  
Total(1)
  $ 16,500,000   $ 18,975,000  
(1)
Includes $0.35 per unit, or $10,500,000 in the aggregate (or $12,075,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein and released to the underwriters only upon the consummation of an initial business combination.
        We estimate that our non-reimbursed out-of-pocket expenses for this offering will be approximately $1,000,000. We have agreed to pay reasonable costs incurred by the underwriters in connection with this offering (including reasonable fees and expenses of the underwriters' own legal or other advisors), not to exceed $30,000.
        The underwriters have informed us that the underwriters do not intend to make sales to discretionary accounts.
        We, our sponsor, officer and directors have agreed that we will not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and UBS Securities LLC for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus, any units, warrants, ordinary shares or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, ordinary shares; provided, however, that we may (1) issue and sell the private placement warrants; (2) issue and sell the additional units to cover our underwriters' over-allotment option (if any); (3) register with the SEC pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of this offering and the forward purchase agreements, the resale of the private placement warrants, forward purchase securities and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and the founder shares; and (4) issue securities in connection with our initial business
186
Table of Contents
combination. However, the foregoing shall not apply to the forfeiture of any founder shares pursuant to their terms or any transfer of founder shares to any current or future independent director of the Company (as long as such current or future independent director is subject to the terms of the letter agreement, filed herewith, at the time of such transfer; and as long as, to the extent any Section 16 reporting obligation is triggered as a result of such transfer, any related Section 16 filing includes a practical explanation as to the nature of the transfer). Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and UBS Securities LLC in their sole discretion may release any of the securities subject to these lock-up agreements at any time without notice.
        Our sponsor, officer and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under "Principal Shareholders—Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants"). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares.
        The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under "Principal Shareholders—Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants").
        We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribute to payments that the underwriters may be required to make in that respect.
        We intend to apply to list our units on Nasdaq under the symbol "ARTAU." Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols "ARTA" and "ARTAW," respectively.
        Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our securities. Consequently, the initial public offering price for the units was determined by negotiations between us and the underwriters.
        The determination of our per unit offering price was more arbitrary than would typically be the case if we were an operating company. Among the factors considered in determining the initial public offering price were the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies, prior offerings of those companies, our management, our capital structure, and currently prevailing general conditions in equity securities markets, including current market valuations of publicly traded companies considered comparable to our company. We cannot assure you, however, that the price at which the units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants will sell in the public market after this offering will not be lower than the initial public offering price or that an active trading market in our units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants will develop and continue after this offering.
        The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
187
Table of Contents
        In connection with this offering, the underwriters may engage in stabilizing transactions, over-allotment transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act.
•
Stabilizing transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum.

•
Over-allotment involves sales by the underwriters of units in excess of the number of units the underwriters are obligated to purchase, which creates a syndicate short position. The short position may be either a covered short position or a naked short position. In a covered short position, the number of units over-allotted by the underwriters is not greater than the number of units that they may purchase in the over-allotment option. In a naked short position, the number of units involved is greater than the number of units in the over-allotment option. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their over-allotment option and/or purchasing units in the open market.

•
Syndicate covering transactions involve purchases of the units in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover syndicate short positions. In determining the source of units to close out the short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the over-allotment option. If the underwriters sell more units than could be covered by the over-allotment option, a naked short position, the position can only be closed out by buying units in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there could be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering.

•
Penalty bids permit the representative to reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the units originally sold by the syndicate member are purchased in a stabilizing or syndicate covering transaction to cover syndicate short positions.
        These stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our units or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the units. As a result, the price of our units may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the open market. These transactions may be effected on Nasdaq or otherwise and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time.
        We are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, but we may do so at our discretion. However, any of the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses, provide financial advisory services to us in connection with a business combination or assist us in raising additional capital in the future, including by acting as a placement agent in a private offering or underwriting or arranging debt financing. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm's length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters' compensation in connection with this offering, and we may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated, a finder's fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination. Any fees we may pay the underwriters or their affiliates for services rendered to us after this offering may be contingent on the completion of a business combination and may include non-cash compensation. The underwriters or their affiliates that provide these services to us may have a potential conflict of interest given that the underwriters are entitled to the deferred portion of their underwriting
188
Table of Contents
compensation for this offering only if an initial business combination is completed within the specified timeframe.
        The underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with us or our affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.
        In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
        A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on the websites maintained by the underwriters, or selling group members, if any, participating in this offering and the underwriters participating in this offering may distribute prospectuses electronically. The underwriters may allocate a number of units for sale to their online brokerage account holders. Internet distributions will be allocated by the underwriters that will make internet distributions on the same basis as other allocations.
        The units are offered for sale in the United States and other jurisdictions where it is lawful to make such offers.
        The underwriters have represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the units directly or indirectly, or distribute this prospectus or any other offering material relating to the units, in or from any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations thereof and that will not impose any obligations on us except as set forth in the underwriting agreement.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area
        In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Relevant State"), no units have been offered or will be offered pursuant to this offering to the public in that Relevant State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that offers of units may be made to the public in that Relevant State at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
(a)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation;

(b)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Representative for any such offer; or

(c)
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of units shall require the issuer or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
        For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer to the public" in relation to any units in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
189
Table of Contents
information on the terms of the offer and any units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any units, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom
        In relation to the United Kingdom, no units have been offered or will be offered pursuant to this offering to the public in the United Kingdom prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units that either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, except that offers of units may be made to the public in the United Kingdom at any time under the following exemptions under the UK Prospectus Regulation:
(a)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation;

(b)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Representative for any such offer; or

(c)
in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA"),
provided that no such offer of units shall require the issuer or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
        For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer to the public" in relation to any units in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any units, and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.
        Each underwriter has represented and agreed that:
(a)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any units in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the issuer; and

(b)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any units in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Notice to Residents of Japan
        The underwriters will not offer or sell any of our units directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any Japanese person or to others, for re-offering or re-sale directly or indirectly in Japan or to any Japanese person, except in each case pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Securities and Exchange Law of Japan and any other applicable laws and regulations of Japan. For purposes of this paragraph, "Japanese person" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan.
190
Table of Contents
Notice to Residents of Hong Kong
        The underwriters and each of their affiliates have not (1) offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, our units other than (A) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance or (B) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32 of Hong Kong) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance or (2) issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere any advertisement, invitation or document relating to our units which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to our securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice.
Notice to Residents of Singapore
        This prospectus or any other offering material relating to our units has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the units will be offered in Singapore pursuant to exemptions under Section 274 and Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "Securities and Futures Act"). Accordingly our units may not be offered or sold, or be the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor may this prospectus or any other offering material relating to our units be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor or other person specified in Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, (b) to a sophisticated investor, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the Securities and Futures Act.
Notice to Residents of Germany
        Each person who is in possession of this prospectus is aware that no German sales prospectus (Verkaufsprospekt) within the meaning of the Securities Sales Prospectus Act (Wertpapier-Verkaufsprospektgesetz, the "Act") of the Federal Republic of Germany has been or will be published with respect to our units. In particular, the underwriters have represented that they has not engaged and has agreed that it will not engage in a public offering (offentliches Angebot) within the meaning of the Act with respect to any of our units otherwise then in accordance with the Act and all other applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Notice to Residents of France
        The units are being issued and sold outside the Republic of France and that, in connection with their initial distribution, it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any units to the public in the Republic of France, and that they have not distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in the Republic of France this prospectus or any other offering material relating to the units, and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in the Republic of France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in accordance with Article L.411-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code and decrét no. 98-880 dated October 1, 1998.
191
Table of Contents
Notice to Residents of the Netherlands
        Our units may not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered in or from the Netherlands as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter, directly or indirectly, other than to, individuals or legal entities situated in The Netherlands who or which trade or invest in securities in the conduct of a business or profession (which includes banks, securities intermediaries (including dealers and brokers), insurance companies, pension funds, collective investment institution, central governments, large international and supranational organizations, other institutional investors and other parties, including treasury departments of commercial enterprises, which as an ancillary activity regularly invest in securities; hereinafter, "Professional Investors"); provided that in the offer, prospectus and in any other documents or advertisements in which a forthcoming offering of our units is publicly announced (whether electronically or otherwise) in The Netherlands it is stated that such offer is and will be exclusively made to such Professional Investors. Individual or legal entities who are not Professional Investors may not participate in the offering of our units, and this prospectus or any other offering material relating to our units may not be considered an offer or the prospect of an offer to sell or exchange our units.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia
        No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC"), in relation to the offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the "Corporations Act"), and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act.
        Any offer in Australia of the units may only be made to persons (the "Exempt Investors") who are "sophisticated investors" (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), "professional investors" (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the units without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.
        The units applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.
        Further, any shares issued on conversion of the warrants included in the notes must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of issue of those shares except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring units or underlying securities must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions.
        This prospectus contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters.
192
Table of Contents
Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre
        This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority ("DFSA"). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no responsibility for the prospectus. The units to which this prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the units offered should conduct their own due diligence on the units. If you do not understand the contents of this prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland
        The units may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange ("SIX") or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the units or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
        Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Company, the units have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of units will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of units has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of units.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the Cayman Islands
        No offer or invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for our securities.
Notice to Canadian Residents
Resale Restrictions
        The distribution of units in Canada is being made only on a private placement basis exempt from the requirement that we prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in each province where trades of these securities are made. Any resale of the units in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws which may vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of the securities.
Representations of Canadian Purchasers
        By purchasing units in Canada and accepting delivery of a purchase confirmation, a purchaser is representing to us and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that:
•
the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase the units without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws as it is an "accredited investor"
193
Table of Contents
as defined under National Instrument 45-106—Prospectus Exemptions or Section 73.3 of the Securities Act (Ontario), as applicable;
•
the purchaser is a "permitted client" as defined in National Instrument 31-103—Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations;

•
where required by law, the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent; and

•
the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions.
Conflicts of Interest
        Canadian purchasers are hereby notified that Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and UBS Securities LLC are relying on the exemption set out in section 3A.3 or 3A.4, if applicable, of National Instrument 33-105—Underwriting Conflicts from having to provide certain conflict of interest disclosure in this document.
Statutory Rights of Action
        Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if the prospectus (including any amendment thereto) such as this document contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser of these securities in Canada should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Enforcement of Legal Rights
        All of our directors and officer as well as the experts named herein may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon us or those persons. All or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those persons may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada.
Taxation and Eligibility for Investment
        Canadian purchasers of units should consult their own legal and tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the units in their particular circumstances and about the eligibility of the units for investment by the purchaser under relevant Canadian legislation.
194
Table of Contents

LEGAL MATTERS
        Kirkland & Ellis LLP will pass upon the validity of the securities offered in this prospectus with respect to units and warrants. Appleby will pass upon the validity of the securities offered in this prospectus with respect to the ordinary shares and matters of Cayman Islands law. Paul Hastings LLP advised the underwriters in connection with the offering of the securities.
195
Table of Contents

EXPERTS
        The financial statements of Artisan Acquisition Corp. as of February 4, 2021 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through February 4, 2021 appearing in this prospectus have been audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon, appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.
196
Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
        We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.
        Upon the completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.
197
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
  F-2
Balance Sheet
  F-3
Statement of Operations
  F-4
Statement of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
  F-5
Statement of Cash Flows
  F-6
Notes to Financial Statements
  F-7
F-1
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholder and Board of Directors of
Artisan Acquisition Corp.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
        We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Artisan Acquisition Corp. (the "Company") as of February 4, 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholder's equity and cash flows for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through February 4, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 4, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through February 4, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Explanatory Paragraph—Going Concern
        The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company's ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon its completion of the proposed initial public offering described in Note 3 to the financial statements. The Company has a working capital deficiency as of February 4, 2021 and lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans with regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Basis for Opinion
        These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
        We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
        Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ Marcum LLP
Marcum LLP
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021.
Boston, MA
February 16, 2021, except for Note 8 as to which the date is March 24, 2021.
F-2
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
BALANCE SHEET
FEBRUARY 4, 2021
ASSETS
        Deferred offering costs
  $ 52,250  
TOTAL ASSETS
  $ 52,250  
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
        Current liabilities:
        Accrued expenses
  $ 5,500  
Accrued offering costs
    27,250  
Total Liabilities
    32,750  
Commitments (Note 6)
        Shareholder's Equity
   
    Preference Shares, $0.0001 par value; 3,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
    —  
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 300,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
    —  
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 30,000,000 shares authorized; 10,125,000 issued and outstanding(1)(2)
    1,013  
Additional paid-in capital
    23,987  
Accumulated deficit
    (5,500 )
Total Shareholder's Equity
    19,500  
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
  $ 52,250  
(1)
Includes up to 1,125,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter (see Note 5).

(2)
On March 1, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization pursuant to which an additional 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares were issued for no consideration, resulting in there being 10,125,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization.
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-3
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 2, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH FEBRUARY 4, 2021
Formation costs
  $ 5,500  
Net Loss
  $ (5,500 )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted(1)(2)
    9,000,000  
Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share
  $ (0.00 )
(1)
Excludes up to 1,125,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter (see Note 5).

(2)
On March 1, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization pursuant to which an additional 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares were issued for no consideration, resulting in there being 10,125,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization.
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-4
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 2, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH FEBRUARY 4, 2021
 
  Class B Ordinary Shares    
   
   
   
  Additional
Paid-in
Capital   Accumulated
Deficit   Total
Shareholder's
Equity  
 
  Shares   Amount  
Balance at February 2, 2021 (inception)
    —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —  
Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to sponsor(1)(2)
    10,125,000     1,013     23,987     —     25,000  
Net loss
    —     —     —     (5,500 )   (5,500 )
Balance at February 4, 2021
    10,125,000     1,013     23,987   $ (5,500 ) $ 19,500  
(1)
Includes up to 1,125,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter (see Note 5).

(2)
On March 1, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization pursuant to which an additional 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares were issued for no consideration, resulting in there being 10,125,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization.
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-5
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 2, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH FEBRUARY 4, 2021
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
        Net loss
  $ (5,500 )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
        Accrued expenses
    5,500  
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
    —  
Net Change in Cash
    —  
Cash—Beginning of period
    —  
Cash—End of period
  $ —  
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
        Deferred offering costs paid by sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares
  $ 25,000  
Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs
  $ 27,250  
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-6
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS
        Artisan Acquisition Corp. (the "Company") is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on February 2, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a "Business Combination"). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.
        As of February 4, 2021, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through February 4, 2021 relates to the Company's formation and the proposed initial public offering ("Proposed Public Offering"), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Proposed Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.
        The Company's ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a Proposed Public Offering of 30,000,000 units (the "Units" and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the "Public Shares") at $10.00 per Unit (or 34,500,000 Units if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), which is discussed in Note 3, and the sale of 5,333,333 warrants (or 5,933,333 warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the "Private Placement Warrants"), at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to Artisan LLC (the "sponsor"), that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Public Offering.
        The Company's management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least $10.00 per Unit sold in the Proposed Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, will be held in a trust account ("Trust Account"), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below.
F-7
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (Continued)
        The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the "public shareholders") with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company's warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board's ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.
        The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the "Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association"), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or don't vote at all.
        Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company.
        The sponsor has agreed to waive (i) redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (ii) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of the Company's obligation to allow redemption in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete an
F-8
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (Continued)
initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering or with respect to any other material provision relating to shareholders' rights and (iii) rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. However, if the sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Proposed Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering.
        The Company will have until 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the "Combination Period"). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders' rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company's remaining shareholders and board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company's obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company's warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
        The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Proposed Public Offering price per Unit ($10.00).
        In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company (other than the Company's independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than $10.00 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company's independent
F-9
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (Continued)
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
Going Concern Consideration
        At February 4, 2021, the Company had no cash and a working capital deficit of $32,750. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through a Proposed Public Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company's plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Risks and Uncertainties
        Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company's financial position, results of its operations, close of the Proposed Public Offering, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation
        The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Emerging Growth Company
        The Company is an "emerging growth company," as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the "JOBS Act"), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
        Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
F-10
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company's financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Use of Estimates
        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company's management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period.
        Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ from those estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
        The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of February 4, 2021.
Deferred Offering Costs
        Deferred offering costs consist of legal, accounting and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Public Offering and that will be charged to shareholder's equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering. Should the Proposed Public Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to be incurred, will be charged to operations.
Income Taxes
        The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes ("ASC 740"). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.
F-11
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
        ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise's financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Based on the Company's evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company's financial statements. Since the Company was incorporated on February 2, 2021, the evaluation was performed for the upcoming 2021 tax year which will be the only period subject to examination.
        The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of February 4, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company's financial statements.
Net Loss Per Ordinary Share
        Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 1,125,000 ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 5 and 7). At February 4, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
        The fair value of the Company's assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.
Recent Accounting Standards
        Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company's financial statements.
NOTE 3. PROPOSED PUBLIC OFFERING
        Pursuant to the Proposed Public Offering, the Company will offer for sale 30,000,000 Units (or 34,500,000 Units if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant ("Public Warrant"). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share (see Note 7).
F-12
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT
        The sponsor has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 5,333,333 Private Placement Warrants (or 5,933,333 warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $8,000,000 (or $8,900,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. Each of the Private Placement Warrants is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. The proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants will be added to the proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants.
NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Founder Shares
        On February 4, 2021, the sponsor made a capital contribution of an aggregate of $25,000 to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares (the "Founder Shares"). On March 1, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization pursuant to which an additional 1,500,000 Founder Shares were issued for no consideration, resulting in there being 10,125,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture by the sponsor to the extent that the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the Company's issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (see Note 8).
        The sponsor has agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, or sold until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after an initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company's shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Company's Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after an initial Business Combination which results in the Company's shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up.
Promissory Notes—Related Party
        On February 4, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the sponsor (the "Promissory Note"), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $300,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of
F-13
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
(i) September 30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering. As of February 4, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Promissory Note.
Administrative Support Agreement
        Subsequent to the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, the Company will pay an affiliate of the sponsor $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon the completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.
Related Party Loans
        In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of the Company's directors and officer may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required ("Working Capital Loans"). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS
Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement
        The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans) will have registration and shareholder rights to require the Company to register a sale of any of its securities held by them pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain "piggy-back" registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of an initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Underwriting Agreement
        The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the Proposed Public Offering to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Proposed Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
        The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of $0.20 per Unit, or $6,000,000 in the aggregate (or $6,900,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised
F-14
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
in full), payable upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $10,500,000 in the aggregate (or $12,075,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full). Subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, (i) the deferred fee will be placed in the Trust Account and released to the underwriters only upon the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the deferred fee will be waived by the underwriters in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination.
NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
        Preference Shares—The Company is authorized to issue 3,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company's board of directors. At February 4, 2021, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.
        Class A ordinary shares—The Company is authorized to issue 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At February 4, 2021, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding.
        Class B ordinary shares—The Company is authorized to issue 30,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At February 4, 2021, there were 10,125,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the sponsor will collectively own 20% of the Company's issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (see Note 8).
        On March 1, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization pursuant to which an additional 1,500,000 Founder Shares were issued for no consideration, resulting in there being 10,125,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization (see Note 8).
        Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company's shareholders except as required by law. Prior to an initial Business Combination, only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time.
        The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination) at the time of an initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering, the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company
F-15
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY (Continued)
in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company's management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.
        Warrants—Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) one year from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
        The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants.
        The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of an initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of an initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a "covered security" under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a "cashless basis" in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
        Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00.    Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants for redemption (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants):
•
in whole and not in part;

•
at a price of $0.01 per warrant;

•
upon not less than 30 days' prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and
F-16
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY (Continued)
•
if, and only if, the reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
        The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
        Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00.    Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the warrants:
•
in whole and not in part;

•
at a price of $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days' prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by the redemption date and the fair market value of the Company's Class A ordinary shares;

•
if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per Public Share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and

•
if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants.
        The value of the Company's Class A ordinary shares shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The Company will provide its warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment).
        In addition, if (i) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of an initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company's board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the "Newly Issued
F-17
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY (Continued)
Price"), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company's Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination (such price, the "Market Value") is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under "—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00" and "—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00" will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under "—Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00" will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
        The Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
NOTE 8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
        The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events, other than as described below, that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.
Forward Purchase Agreements
        In March 2021, the Company entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which Aspex Master Fund ("Aspex") and Pacific Alliance Asia Opportunity Fund L.P. ("PAG") (referred to collectively as the "anchor investors") have subscribed to purchase from the Company 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares (the "forward purchase shares"), plus an aggregate of 1,500,000 redeemable warrants to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 each, for an aggregate amount of up to $60,000,000, or $10.00 per Class A ordinary share, in a private placement to close substantially concurrently with the closing of a Business Combination. The terms of the forward purchase shares will be identical to the terms of the Public Shares being offered in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the forward purchase shares will have certain registration rights as described above in Note 6.
        The proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase shares may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in an initial Business Combination, expenses in connection with an initial Business Combination or for working capital in the post-Business Combination company. The forward
F-18
Table of Contents

ARTISAN ACQUISITION CORP.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (Continued)
purchase shares and redeemable warrants will be issued only in connection with the closing of an initial Business Combination.
        In connection with entering into the forward purchase agreements, the Company effected a share capitalization pursuant to which an additional 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares were issued to the sponsor for no consideration, resulting in there being 10,125,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. The sponsor then transferred to the anchor investors an aggregate of 750,000 Founder Shares for no cash consideration. These 750,000 Founder Shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised. In addition, in March 2021, the sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of the Company's independent directors. These 100,000 Founder Shares will not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters' over-allotment option is not exercised.
F-19
Table of Contents
 
30,000,000 Units
Artisan Acquisition Corp.
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
                , 2021
Credit Suisse   UBS Investment Bank
Table of Contents

PART II
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
Item 13.    Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
        The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows:
SEC and FINRA expenses
  $ 89,890  
Accounting fees and expenses
    30,000  
Printing and engraving expenses
    20,000  
Travel and road show expenses
    20,000  
Legal fees and expenses
    350,000  
Nasdaq listing and filing fees
    75,000  
Director & Officer liability insurance premiums(1)
    400,000  
Miscellaneous
    15,110  
Total
  $ 1,000,000  
(1)
This amount represents the approximate amount of annual director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following the completion of its initial public offering and until it completes a business combination.
Item 14.    Indemnification of Directors and Officer.
        Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company's memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officer and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our officer and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of officers' and directors' liability insurance that insures our officer and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officer and directors.
        Our officer and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, as well as any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination.
        Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to officers, directors or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.
II-1
Table of Contents
Item 15.    Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
        On February 4, 2021, our sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding after this offering and the expiration of the underwriters' option to purchase additional units will equal 20% of the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding at such time plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder thereof, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in this prospectus. If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a share capitalization, a share surrender or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B ordinary shares prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares at 20% of the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding at such time plus 6,000,000 Class A ordinary shares to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreements.
        Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. Each of the equity holders in our sponsor is an accredited investor under Rule 501 of Regulation D. The sole business of our sponsor is to act as the company's sponsor in connection with this offering.
        Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 5,333,333 private placement warrants (or 5,933,333 private placement warrants if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($8,000,000 in the aggregate or $8,900,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full), in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. This issuance will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
        No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
Item 16.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a)
Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as part of this registration statement.
  1.1   Form of Underwriting Agreement.

 
3.1
 
Memorandum and Articles of Association.

 
3.2
 
Form of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.

 
4.1
 
Specimen Unit Certificate.

 
4.2
 
Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate.

 
4.3
 
Specimen Warrant Certificate.

 
4.4
 
Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.

 
5.1
 
Opinion of Kirkland & Ellis LLP.

 
5.2
 
Opinion of Appleby, Cayman Islands Legal Counsel to the Registrant.

 
10.1
 
Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.
II-2
Table of Contents
  10.2   Form of Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among the Registrant, the sponsor and the Holders signatory thereto.

 
10.3
 
Form of Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and the sponsor.

 
10.4
 
Form of Indemnity Agreement.

 
10.5
 
Form of Administrative Services Agreement between the Registrant and the sponsor.

 
10.6
 
Promissory Note, dated as of February 4, 2021, between the Registrant and the sponsor.

 
10.7
 
Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2021, between the Registrant and the sponsor.

 
10.8
 
Form of Letter Agreement between the Registrant, the sponsor and each director and officer of the Registrant.

 
10.9
 
Forward Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2021, between the Registrant, the sponsor and Aspex Master Fund.

 
10.10
 
Forward Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2021, between the Registrant, the sponsor and Pacific Alliance Asia Opportunity Fund L.P.

 
14.1
 
Form of Code of Ethics.

 
23.1
 
Consent of Marcum LLP.

 
23.2
 
Consent of Kirkland & Ellis LLP (included on Exhibit 5.1).

 
23.3
 
Consent of Appleby (included on Exhibit 5.2).

 
99.1
 
Consent of William Keller

 
99.2
 
Consent of Mitch Garber

 
99.3
 
Consent of Fan (Frank) Yu

 
99.4
 
Consent of Sean O'Neill
(b)
Financial Statements. See page F-1 for an index to the financial statements included in the registration statement.
Item 17.    Undertakings.
(a)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.

(b)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to officers, directors and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public
II-3
Table of Contents
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
(c)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:(1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
        (2)   For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
II-4
Table of Contents

SIGNATURES
        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Hong Kong S.A.R., Country of People's Republic of China, on the 24th day of March, 2021.
  Artisan Acquisition Corp.
  By:
  /s/ CHENG YIN PAN (BEN)
      Name:   Cheng Yin Pan (Ben)
      Title:   Chief Executive Officer
        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Name   Position   Date

 
 
 
 
  /s/ CHENG YIN PAN (BEN)
Cheng Yin Pan (Ben)   Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   March 24
II-5
Table of Contents

AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
        Pursuant to the requirements of Section 6(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, the undersigned has signed this registration statement, solely in its capacity as the duly authorized representative of Artisan Acquisition Corp., in the City of New York, New York on the 24th day of March, 2021.
  By:
  /s/ COLLEEN A. DE VRIES
      Name:   Colleen A. De Vries
      Title:   Senior Vice President
II-6