S-1 1 fs12021_fintechacq6.htm REGISTRATION STATEMENT
As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2021.
Registration No. 333-              
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
__________________________________________
FORM S-1
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
__________________________________________
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
__________________________________________
Delaware
  6770
  85-3742586
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
  (Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)
  (I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703
Philadelphia, PA 19104-2870
(215) 701-9555
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
__________________________________________
James J. McEntee, III
President
FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI
2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703
Philadelphia, PA 19104-2870
(215) 701-9555
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
__________________________________________
Copies to:
Mark E. Rosenstein, Esq.
Derick Kauffman, Esq.
Ledgewood, PC
2001 Market Street, Suite 3400
Philadelphia, PA 19103
(215) 731-9450
  Douglas S. Ellenoff, Esq.
Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10105
(212) 370-1300
__________________________________________
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of the registration statement.
If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box: £
If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: £
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: £
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: £
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
  Large accelerated filer
  £
  Accelerated filer
  £
    Non-accelerated filer
  S
  Smaller reporting company
  S
            Emerging Growth company
  S
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. £
  Table of Contents
CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered
  Amount
to be
Registered(1)
  Proposed
Maximum
Offering
Price per
Unit(1)
  Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering
Price(1)
  Amount of
Registration
Fee
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one Warrant(2)(4)
  25,300,000
  $
10.00
  $
253,000,000
  $
27,602.30
  Shares of Class A common stock included as part of the Units(2)(4)
  25,300,000
    —
    —
    —
(3)
Warrants included as part of the Units(2)(4)
  6,325,000
    —
    —
    —
(3)
Total
            $
253,000,000
  $
27,602.30
  ____________
(1)      Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o). See “Underwriting.”
(2)      Includes 3,300,000 units, and 3,300,000 shares of Class A common stock and 825,000 warrants underlying such units, which may be issued upon exercise of a 45-day option granted to the underwriters to cover overallotments, if any.
(3)      No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g).
(4)      Pursuant to Rule 416, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.
The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
  Table of Contents
The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.
PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
  (SUBJECT TO COMPLETION) DATED FEBRUARY 23, 2021
FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI
$220,000,000
22,000,000 Units
FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to focus our search on businesses providing technological services to the financial services industry, with particular emphasis on businesses that provide data processing, storage and transmission services, data bases and payment processing services. We are not, however, required to complete our initial business combination with a financial technology business and, as a result, we may pursue a business combination outside of that industry.
This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one share of our Class A common stock and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus, and only whole warrants are exercisable. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering, and will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation, as described in this prospectus. Subject to the terms and conditions described in this prospectus, we may redeem the warrants for cash once the warrants become exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. We have also granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,300,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any.
We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of our Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account described below as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Class A common stock that were sold as part of the units in this offering, which we refer to collectively as our public shares throughout this prospectus, subject to the limitations described herein. If we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months, we will redeem 100% of the public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described herein.
One of our sponsors, FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, together with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., which we refer to as Cantor Fitzgerald, and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of Millennium Management LLC, who are not affiliated with Cantor Fitzgerald or our management team (but who holds an economic interest in shares held by our sponsor) and will not have any contractual or other rights to control us, which we refer to collectively as Millennium, have committed to purchase an aggregate of 660,000 placement units at a price of $10.00 per unit (320,000 placement units by our sponsor, 110,000 placement units by Cantor Fitzgerald and 230,000 placement units by Millennium) for an aggregate purchase price of $6,600,000 in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each placement unit will be identical to the units sold in this offering, except as described in this prospectus. We refer to these units as the placement units throughout this prospectus. Millennium has also expressed an interest to purchase up to 9.0% of the units sold in this offering (excluding units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option) at the public offering price of the units offered hereby. Because this expression of interest is not a binding agreement or commitment to purchase, Millennium may determine to purchase more, fewer or no units in this offering, and we are under no obligation to accept Millennium’s offer in part or full.
Our initial stockholders, which include our sponsor, FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC and FinTech Masala Advisors VI, LLC, own 8,653,333 shares of our Class B common stock (up to 1,100,000 shares of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised). We refer to these shares of Class B common stock as the founder shares throughout this prospectus. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein.
Currently, there is no public market for our units, Class A common stock or warrants. We intend to apply to list our units on the NASDAQ Capital Market, or NASDAQ, under the symbol “FTVIU” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Cantor Fitzgerald, acting as representative of the several underwriters, or the representative, informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering and issuing a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on NASDAQ under the symbols “FTVI” and “FTVIW,” respectively.
We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 27 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
  Per Unit
  Total
Public offering price
  $
10.00
  $
220,000,000
Underwriting discounts and commissions(1)
  $
0.60
  $
13,200,000
Proceeds, before expenses, to us
  $
9.40
  $
206,800,000
____________
(1)        The representative has agreed to defer until consummation of our initial business combination $8.8 million of their underwriting commissions (or approximately $10.8 million if the underwriters’ overallotment option is exercised in full), which equals 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the units sold to the public, excluding any units purchased pursuant to the underwriters’ overallotment option, and 6.0% of the gross proceeds from the units sold to the public pursuant to the underwriters’ overallotment option. This amount will be placed in the trust account and will be released to the representative only on completion of an initial business combination, as described in this prospectus. See the section titled “Underwriting” for a description of the compensation payable to the representative.
Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement units described in this prospectus, $220.0 million or approximately $253.0 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per unit) will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and $2.2 million will be available to pay fees and expenses in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following the closing of this offering. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement units will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders.
The underwriters are offering the units for sale on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the units to the purchasers on or about            , 2021.
Sole Book-Running Manager
Cantor
The date of this prospectus is             , 2021
  Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
We are responsible for the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information, and we take no responsibility for any other information others may give to you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus.
  Page
Summary
  1
Risk Factors
  27
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
  58
Use of Proceeds
  59
Dividend Policy
  63
Dilution
  64
Capitalization
  66
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
  67
Proposed Business
  73
Management
  95
Principal Stockholders
  111
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
  114
Description of Securities
  117
United States Federal Income Tax Considerations
  131
Underwriting
  139
Legal Matters
  145
Experts
  145
Where You Can Find Additional Information
  145
Index to Financial Statements
  F-1
i
Table of Contents
SUMMARY
This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing.
Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus, or the context otherwise requires, references to:
•        “we,” “us,” “company” or “our company” are to FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI;
•        “Cantor Fitzgerald” are to Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters of this offering;
•        “common stock” are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively;
•        “equity-linked securities” are to any securities of our company which are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, common stock of our company;
•        “founder shares” are to 8,653,333 shares of our Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders, which includes an aggregate of 1,100,000 founder shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the overallotment option is not exercised by the underwriters;
•        “initial stockholders” are to holders of our founder shares prior to this offering excluding Millennium which will receive certain founder shares from our sponsor upon consummation of our initial business combination, as described herein;
•        “management” or our “management team” are to our offıcers and directors;
•        “Millennium” refers collectively to Millennium Management LLC and certain funds and accounts managed by it, which are qualified institutional buyers that will purchase placement units in connection with this offering, and which expressed to us an interest to purchase up to 9.0% of the units sold in this offering (not including units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option);
•        “private placement” are to the private placement of 660,000 private placement units being purchased separately by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium, which will occur simultaneously with the completion of this offering, at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $6.6 million;
•        “private placement shares” are to the shares of our Class A common stock included within the private placement units being purchased separately by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium in the private placement;
•        “private placement units” are to the units issued separately to our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium in the private placement, each private placement unit consisting of one private placement share and one-fourth of one private placement warrant;
•        “private placement warrants” are to warrants to purchase shares of our Class A common stock included within the private placement units being purchased separately by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium in the private placement;
•        “public shares” are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market);
•        “public stockholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder’s and member of our management team’s status as a “public stockholder” shall only exist with respect to such public shares;
1
Table of Contents
•        “public warrants” are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any warrants included in the units issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to unaffiliated third parties following the consummation of our initial business combination;
•        “sponsor” are collectively to FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and FinTech Masala Advisors VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC will participate in the private placement. The manager of each entity is Cohen Sponsor Interests VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;
•        “warrants” are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent such private placement warrants are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement units or their permitted transferees.
•        “specified future issuance” are to an issuance of a class of equity or equity-linked securities to specified purchasers, which may include affiliates of our sponsor, that we may determine to make in connection with financing our initial business combination.
Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one warrant for each unit purchased. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus, and only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. Registered trademarks referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option.
2
Table of Contents
PROPOSED BUSINESS
Overview
We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any potential business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target.
We currently intend to concentrate our efforts in identifying businesses providing technological services to the financial services industry, with particular emphasis on businesses that provide data processing, storage and transmission services, data bases and payment processing services. We are not, however, required to complete our initial business combination with a financial technology business and, as a result, we may pursue a business combination outside of that industry. We will seek to acquire established businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound but potentially in need of financial, operational, strategic or managerial redirection to maximize value. We do not intend to acquire start-up companies, companies with speculative business plans or companies that are excessively leveraged.
We will seek to capitalize on the significant financial services, financial technology and banking experience and contacts of Daniel G. Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, Betsy Z. Cohen, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, and James J. McEntee, III, our President, to identify, evaluate, acquire and operate a target business. If we elect to pursue an investment outside of the financial technology industry, our management’s expertise related to that industry may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding that industry might not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. Daniel G. Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, Betsy Z. Cohen, our Chairman of the Board, and James J. McEntee, III, our President, have extensive experience in the financial services industry generally, and the financial technology industry in particular, as well as extensive experience in operating financial services companies in a public company environment.
Several members of our management team, including our Chairman, served as executive officers and/or directors of FinTech Acquisition Corp., or FinTech I, a former blank check company which raised $100.0 million in its initial public offering in February 2015 and completed its initial business combination when it acquired FTS Holding Corporation in July 2016, which we refer to as the FinTech I Acquisition. See “Management — FinTech I” for information regarding FinTech I and the Fintech I Acquisition. Several members of our management team also served as executive officers and/or directors of FinTech Acquisition Corp. II, or FinTech II, a blank check company which raised $175.0 million in its initial public offering in January 2017 and completed its initial business combination when it acquired Intermex Holdings II in July 2018, which we refer to as the FinTech II Acquisition, in connection with which FinTech II changed its name to International Money Express, Inc. The common stock of International Money Express, Inc. is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “IMXI.” See “Management — FinTech II” for information regarding FinTech II and the Fintech II Acquisition.  Certain members of our management team served as executive officers and/or directors of FinTech Acquisition Corp. III, or FinTech III, a blank check company which raised $345.0 million in its initial public offering in November 2018 and completed its initial business combination with Paya, Inc. in October 2020, which we refer to as the FinTech III Acquisition. The common stock of Paya Holdings, Inc. is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PAYA.” See “Management — FinTech III” for information regarding FinTech III and the FinTech III Acquisition. Additionally, members of our board of directors and management team also currently serve as executive officers, directors and/or advisors of: FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV (NASDAQ: FTIV), or FinTech IV, a blank check company which raised $230.0 million in its initial public offering in September 2020; FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: FTOC), or FTAC Olympus, a blank check company which raised $754.7 million in its initial public offering in August 2020; and FinTech Acquisition Corp. V (NASDAQ: FTCV), or FinTech V, a blank check company which raised $250.0 million in its initial public offering in December 2020. See “Management — FinTech IV” for information regarding FinTech IV. See “Management — FTAC Olympus” for information regarding FTAC Olympus. See “Management — FinTech V” for information regarding FinTech V. We believe that potential sellers of target businesses will view the fact that members of our board of directors and management team have successfully closed multiple business combinations with vehicles similar to our company as a positive factor in considering whether or not to enter into a business combination with us. However, past performance is not a guarantee of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate.
3
Table of Contents
Mr. Cohen, with over 22 years of experience in financial services and financial technology, is the Chairman of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Managers of Cohen & Company, LLC, and serves as the President and Chief Executive of the European Business of Cohen and Company, Inc. (NYSE American: COHN), a financial services company with approximately $2.65 billion in assets under management as of September 30, 2020, and as President, a director and the Chief Investment Officer of Cohen and Company Inc.’s indirect majority owned subsidiary, Cohen & Company Financial Limited (formerly known as EuroDekania Management Limited), a Financial Conduct Authority regulated investment advisor and broker dealer focusing on the European capital markets (“CCFL”). Mr. Cohen previously served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Managers of Cohen & Company, LLC. Mr. Cohen served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Cohen and Company, Inc. from December 2009 to September 2013 and as the Chairman of the Board of Directors from October 2006 to September 2013. Mr. Cohen served as the executive Chairman of Cohen and Company, Inc. from October 2006 to December 2009. In addition, Mr. Cohen served as the Chairman of the Board of Managers of Cohen & Company, LLC from 2001 to September 2013, as the Chief Investment Officer of Cohen & Company, LLC from October 2008 to September 2013, and as Chief Executive Officer of Cohen & Company, LLC from December 2009 to September 2013. Mr. Cohen served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (formerly C&Co/PrinceRidge Partners LLC), the Company’s indirect broker dealer subsidiary (“JVB”), from July 2012 to September 2013. Mr. Cohen is also a founder, the former Chief Executive Officer and the current Chairman of The Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: TBBK), which we refer to as Bancorp, a financial holding company with over $6.2 billion of total assets as of September 30, 2020. Bancorp’s principal subsidiary is The Bancorp Bank, a state chartered bank that provides a wide range of commercial and retail banking products and services to both regional and national markets. Mr. Cohen currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of FinTech IV and FinTech V, and serves as Chairman of the Board of INSU Acquisition Corp. III, or INSU III (NASDAQ: IIII). Mr. Cohen also recently joined FTAC Parnassus Acquisition Corp., or FTAC Parnassus, as its Chairman, and FTAC Hera Acquisition Corp., or FTAC Hera, as Chief Executive Officer and President, each a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting its own initial business combination. Until October 2020, Mr. Cohen served as the Chief Executive Officer of FinTech III and as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Insurance Acquisition Corp., or INSU I. Until February 2021, Mr. Cohen served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of INSU Acquisition Corp. II, or INSU II. Mr. Cohen also served as Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of FinTech I until the FinTech I Acquisition, and as Chief Executive Officer and a director of FinTech II until the FinTech II Acquisition. He is also a past Chief Executive Officer of RAIT Financial Trust, which we refer to as RAIT, formerly a publicly traded real estate finance company focused on the commercial real estate industry, from December 2006 when it merged with Taberna Realty Finance Trust, to February 2009, and served as a trustee from the date RAIT acquired Taberna in February 2009 until his resignation from that position in February 2010. From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Cohen served as the Chief Operation Officer of Resource America, Inc., formerly a publicly traded asset management company with interests in energy, real estate and financial services. Mr. Cohen was also a past director of Jefferson Bank of Pennsylvania, a commercial bank and subsidiary of JeffBanks, Inc., a publicly traded bank holding company, which we refer to as JeffBanks, acquired by Hudson United Bancorp in 1999.
Ms. Cohen, with over 42 years of experience, was a founder of Bancorp and served as Bancorp’s Chief Executive Officer from September 2000 through December 2014. Ms. Cohen served as Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech III until the FinTech III Acquisition, as Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech II until the FinTech II Acquisition, and also served as the Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech I until the Fintech I Acquisition and, following the FinTech I Acquisition, served on the post-business combination board of directors until May 2017. She is currently the Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech IV, FinTech V, FTAC Olympus and FTAC Athena Acquisition Corp., or FTAC Athena (NASDAQ: FTAA), and FTAC Hera. She also currently serves as a director of Metromile, Inc., the successor to INSU II. Ms. Cohen is a founder of RAIT and was its Chairman until December 2010 and its Chief Executive Officer until December 2006. She was also the founder and Chief Executive Officer of JeffBanks and its subsidiary banks from 1974 until the merger of JeffBanks into Hudson United Bancorp in 1999.
Mr. McEntee, with over 22 years of experience, is a director of Bancorp and The Bancorp Bank, was previously the Chief Executive Officer of Alesco Financial, an investment firm specializing in credit related fixed income investment, until it merged with Cohen & Company and was the Chief Operating Officer of Cohen & Company. Mr. McEntee served as President and Chief Financial Officer of FinTech III until the FinTech III Acquisition, Chief Financial Officer of FinTech II until the FinTech II Acquisition, and also served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of FinTech I until the Fintech I Acquisition. He is currently President and Secretary of FinTech IV and FinTech V.
4
Table of Contents
We believe our management team has the skills and experience to identify, evaluate and consummate a business combination and is positioned to assist businesses we acquire. However, our management team’s network of contacts, and its investing and operating experience, do not guarantee a successful initial business combination. The members of our management team are not required to devote any significant amount of time to our business and are involved with other businesses. We cannot guarantee that our current officers and directors will continue in their respective roles, or in any other role, after our initial business combination, and their expertise may only be of benefit to us until we complete our initial business combination. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate.
Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets or prospects.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the “Investment Company Act”. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq’s 80% fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable.
In addition to any potential business candidates we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, nor are we prohibited from partnering, submitting joint bids, or entering into any similar transaction with our sponsor, or an affiliate of our sponsor, in the pursuit of an initial business combination. If we seek to complete an initial business combination with such a company or we partner with our sponsor, or any of its affiliates in our pursuit of an initial business combination, we, or a committee of independent directors, will
5
Table of Contents
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to fair market value that the business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
As more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, including FinTech IV, FinTech V, INSU III, FTAC Olympus, FTAC Athena, FTAC Parnassus and FTAC Hera, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Certain of our directors currently have relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.
In addition, each of our sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to the completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor are currently sponsoring other blank check companies that are seeking to complete business combinations. Many of our directors and officers serve in similar roles for FinTech IV, FinTech V, INSU III, FTAC Olympus, FTAC Athena, FTAC Parnassus and FTAC Hera, all of which are blank check companies seeking to complete a business acquisition. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year’s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30.
Our executive offices are located at 2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703, Philadelphia, PA 19104-2870 and our telephone number is (215) 701-9555.
6
Table of Contents
The Offering
In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.”
Securities offered
  22,000,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of:
    •   one share of Class A common stock; and
    •   one-fourth of one warrant.
Proposed NASDAQ symbols
  Units: “FTVIU”
    Class A Common Stock: “FTVI”
    Warrants: “FTVIW”
Trading commencement and separation of Class A common stock and warrants
 

The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless the representative informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the shares of Class A common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.
Separate trading of the Class A
common stock and warrants is
prohibited until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K
 


In no event will the Class A common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
7
Table of Contents
Units:
    Number outstanding before this offering
 
0
Number of private placement units to be sold simultaneously with this offering
 

660,000
Number outstanding after this offering and the private placement
 
22,660,000(1)
Common stock:
    Number outstanding before this offering
 
8,653,333 shares of Class B common stock(2)(3)
Number outstanding after this offering and the private placement
 
30,213,333 shares of Class A common stock and
Class B common stock(1)(3)
Redeemable Warrants:
    Number of warrants outstanding before this offering
 
0
Number of warrants to be outstanding
after this offering and the private placement
 

5,665,000(1)(4)
Exercisability
  Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A common stock and only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade.
Exercise price
  $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. If (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by us and in the case of any such issuance to our sponsors or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 50% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
____________
(1)      Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the forfeiture by our sponsor of 1,100,000 founder shares.
(2)      Includes up to 1,100,000 shares that are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised.
(3)      The shares of common stock included in the units are Class A common stock. Founder shares are classified as shares of Class B common stock, which shares are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described below adjacent to the caption “Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution.”
(4)      Includes 165,000 private placement warrants included in the private placement units.
8
Table of Contents
Exercise period
  The warrants will become exercisable on the later of:
    •   30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, or
    •   12 months from the closing of this offering;
    provided that in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement).
    We are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed; provided, that if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
    The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account.
Redemption of warrants for cash
  Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants for cash (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):
    •   in whole and not in part;
    •   at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
    •   upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and
    •   if, and only if, the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
9
Table of Contents
  We will not redeem the warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
    If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants” for additional information.
    None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees.
Founder shares
  In February 2021, FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC purchased 8,653,333 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. Upon consummation of our initial business combination, our sponsor will transfer 920,000 founder shares to Millennium for the same price originally paid for such shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 25% of the aggregate of our founder shares, the private placement shares and our issued and outstanding public shares after this offering. As such, our initial stockholders will collectively own 25% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (excluding placement shares purchased in the private placement and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders prior to this offering at 25% of the aggregate of our founder shares, the private placement shares and our issued and outstanding public shares after this offering. Up to 1,100,000 founder shares will be subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised so that our initial stockholders will maintain ownership of 25% of the aggregate of our founder shares, the private placement shares and our issued and outstanding public shares after this offering.
10
Table of Contents
  The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except that:
    •   only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination;
    •   the founder shares are shares of Class B common stock that automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein;
    •   the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;
    •   our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares or private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination;
    •   Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares or private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to their founder shares, we would need 7,233,335, or 32.9%, of the 22,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised); and
    •   the founder shares are subject to registration rights.
11
Table of Contents
Transfer restrictions on founder
shares
 
Our sponsor and Millennium have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares (i) with respect to 25% of such shares, until consummation of our initial business combination, (ii) with respect to 25% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination, (iii) with respect to 25% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds $13.50 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination, and (iv) with respect to 25% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds $17.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier, in any case, if, following a business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (except as described herein under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units”). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same transfer restrictions of our sponsor and Millennium with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with an initial business combination, the initial stockholders may transfer, assign or sell their founder shares with our consent to any person or entity that agrees in writing to be bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in the prior sentence.
Founder shares conversion and
anti-dilution rights
 
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering, including private placement shares, plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination. The term “equity-linked securities” refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be “deemed issued” for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities.
12
Table of Contents
Voting
  Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law or otherwise described in this prospectus. Each share of common stock will have one vote on all such matters.
Private placement units
  Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have committed, pursuant to separate written agreements, to purchase an aggregate of 660,000 private placement units (320,000 placement units to our sponsor, 110,000 placement units to Cantor Fitzgerald and 230,000 placement units to Millennium) at a price of $10.00 per unit ($6,600,000 in the aggregate) in the private placement. Each private placement unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one warrant. Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. The private placement units are identical to the units sold in this offering, subject to limited exceptions.
    A portion of the purchase price of the private placement units will be added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the trust account such that at the time of closing $220.0 million (or approximately $253.0 million if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) will be held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement units will expire worthless.
    Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their private placement shares (i) in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
    The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. For as long as private placement warrants are held by Cantor Fitzgerald and/or its designees or affiliates, such private placement warrants may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
Transfer restrictions on private placement units
 
The private placement units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units”). In addition, private placement units and their component securities acquired and held by Cantor Fitzgerald, its affiliates or designees, will be subject to compliance with lock-up, termination and registration rights limitations imposed by FINRA Rule 5110.
13
Table of Contents
Cashless exercise of private placement warrants
 
If holders of private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent.
Proceeds to be held in trust
account
 
The rules of NASDAQ provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement units be deposited in a trust account. Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units, $220,000,000, or $10.00 per unit ($253,000,000, or $10.00 per unit, if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be placed into a U.S.-based trust account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. These proceeds include $8,800,000 (or $10,780,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions.
    Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement units will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders.
Anticipated expenses and funding sources
 
Except as described above with respect to the payment of taxes and dissolution expenses, unless and until we complete our initial business combination, no proceeds held in the trust account will be available for our use. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We will disclose in each quarterly and annual report filed with the SEC prior to our initial business combination whether the proceeds deposited in the trust account are invested in U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds or a combination thereof. Based upon a current interest rate of 0.10%, we expect the trust account to generate approximately $220,000 of interest annually.
14
Table of Contents
  Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, we may pay our expenses only from:
    •   the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units not held in the trust account, which will be approximately $1,000,000 in working capital after the payment of approximately $1,200,000 in expenses relating to this offering; and
    •   any loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates or other third parties, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us, and provided that any such loans will not have any claim on the proceeds held in the trust account unless such proceeds are released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Loans made to us by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors may be convertible into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender at the time of the business combination. The units would be identical to the private placement units.
Conditions to completing our initial business combination
 
There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.
    If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses or we are considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses.
We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test, provided that in the event that the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable.
15
Table of Contents
Expression of interest
  Millennium has expressed to us an interest to purchase up to 9.0% of the units sold in this offering (excluding units that may be sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option).
Because this expression of interest is not a binding agreement or commitment to purchase, Millennium may determine to purchase more, fewer or no units in this offering, and we are under no obligation to accept Millennium’s offer in part or full. In the event that Millennium purchases such units (either in this offering or after) and votes them in favor of our initial business combination, a smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. As a result of the founder shares and private placement units that Millennium may hold, they may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders.
Upon consummation of our initial business combination, our sponsor will transfer 920,000 founder shares to Millennium for the same price originally paid for such shares.
Permitted purchases of public shares by our affiliates
 
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of NASDAQ. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Although they do not currently anticipate paying any premium purchase price for such public shares, there is no limit on the price they may pay.
    They may also enter into transactions to provide such holders with incentives to acquire shares or vote their shares in favor of an initial business combination. No funds in the trust account may be used to effect purchases of shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination
 

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any amounts representing deferred underwriting commissions and interest
16
Table of Contents
  earned on the trust account not previously released to us, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account initially will be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the representative. There will be no redemption rights upon the consummation of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares, as applicable, (i) in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the completion of this offering (excluding any exercise of the underwriters’ overallotment option) and (iii) if we fail to consummate a business combination within 24 months from the completion of this offering (excluding any exercise of the underwriters’ overallotment option) or if we liquidate prior to the expiration of the 24 month period. Our sponsor and our officers and directors have also agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any public shares they hold in connection with the consummation of a business combination and in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the 24 month period. However, our sponsor and our officers and directors will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public shares held by them if we fail to consummate a business combination or liquidate within the 24 month period. Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares they acquire.
Manner of conducting
redemptions
 
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval, while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval.
    We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ, we will be required to comply with such rules.
17
Table of Contents
  If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
    •   conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and
    •   file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
    Upon the public announcement of our business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
    In the event that we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
    If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will:
    •   conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
    •   file proxy materials with the SEC.
    If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our sponsor, officers and directors will count towards this quorum and have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common
18
Table of Contents
  stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our sponsor, officers and directors’ founder shares, we would need 7,233,335, or 32.9%, of the 22,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised).
    We intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
    We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates delivered, or shares tendered electronically, by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares.
    Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
19
Table of Contents
Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding 15% or more of the shares sold in this offering if we hold stockholder vote
 


Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering. We believe the restriction described above will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem to no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those stockholders that hold more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering) for or against our business combination.
Redemption rights in connection with proposed amendments to our certificate of incorporation
 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain charter provisions. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or in our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own approximately 27.2% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Our sponsor, executive
20
Table of Contents
  officers, and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us (filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part), that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity.
Release of funds in trust account on closing of our initial business combination
 

On the completion of our initial business combination, all amounts held in the trust account will be released to us. We will use these funds to pay amounts due to any public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights as described above under “Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination,” to pay the representative its deferred underwriting commissions, to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other assets, companies or for working capital.
Redemption of public shares and distribution and liquidation if no initial business combination
 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
21
Table of Contents
  remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the 24-month time period.
    Our sponsor, officers, directors, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our sponsor, officers and directors acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period. Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares they acquire.
    The representative has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and subsequently liquidate and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
Limited payments to insiders
  There will be no finder’s fees, reimbursements or cash payments made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:
    •   Repayment of an aggregate of up to $300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor;
    •   Payment to our sponsor of $25,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services;
    •   Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination;
    •   payment of certain consulting fees to persons engaged by an entity affiliated with certain of our directors and officers;
    •   at the closing of our initial business combination, a customary advisory fee to affiliates of our sponsor, in an amount that constitutes a market standard advisory fee for comparable transactions and services provided; and
    •   Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender at the time of the business combination. The units would be identical to the private placement units sold in the private placement.
22
Table of Contents
  Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates.
Audit Committee
  Upon consummation of this offering, we will establish and maintain an audit committee, which will be composed entirely of independent directors to, among other things, monitor compliance with the terms described above and the other terms relating to this offering. If any noncompliance is identified, then the audit committee will be charged with the responsibility to immediately take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise to cause compliance with the terms of this offering. For more information, see the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Committees of the Board of Directors — Audit Committee.”
Indemnity
  FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC’s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC reserve for such indemnification obligations. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
Risk Factor Summary
Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section title “Risk Factors,” that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled “Risk Factors,” alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may adversely affect our ability to effect a business combination, and may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to:
•        We are a company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
•        Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.
•        The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock.
•        We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
23
Table of Contents
•        If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A common stock.
•        NASDAQ may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
•        Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.
•        You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
•        If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
•        If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
•        We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors.
•        The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and purchasers of the private placement units may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.
•        Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.
•        We may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
•        Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
•        Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
•        We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
•        We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.
•        We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.
24
Table of Contents
•        Our initial stockholders will control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
•        Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
•        There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
•        Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders.
25
Table of Contents
Summary Financial Data
The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented.
  February 8,
2021
Balance Sheet Data:
      Working capital
  $
13,521
Total assets
  $
35,479
Total liabilities
  $
11,479
Stockholder’s equity
  $
24,000
If no business combination is completed within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares. Our initial stockholders, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares or private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period.
26
Table of Contents
RISK FACTORS
An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate,
a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks
Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.
We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination” for additional information.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.
Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any private placement shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after this offering, in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, as a result of the founder shares and private placement units that Millennium may hold, as well as public shares that it may purchase in this offering, it may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders. We expect that our sponsor and its permitted transferees will own approximately 27.2% of our issued and outstanding shares at the time of any such stockholder vote. As a result, in addition to shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors, we would need 7,233,335, or 32.9%, of the 22,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our sponsor, officers and directors agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders.
Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination.
At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination.
27
Table of Contents
The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.
We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the representative will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions.
The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock.
If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market.
The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.
Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing
28
Table of Contents
that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that, upon the closing of this offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors in this section.
If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units, only approximately $1,000,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,200,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $1,200,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to withdraw interest from the trust account as described elsewhere in this prospectus and/or or borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate, or we may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors in this section.
29
Table of Contents
Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.
The COVID-19 outbreak has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.
We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors in this section.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling
30
Table of Contents
stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.
We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination — Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights.”
You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this prospectus, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
Since the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful completion of this offering and the sale of the private placement units and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we
31
Table of Contents
are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if this offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.”
Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors in this section.
Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.
Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
32
Table of Contents
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor (other than our independent registered public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC’s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and
33
Table of Contents
FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.
We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages.
If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.
Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to
34
Table of Contents
ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of this offering in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures.
Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors.
In accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.
Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’ operations.
Although we expect to focus our search for a target business in the financial technology industry, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to complete our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability
35
Table of Contents
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management’s area of expertise.
We will consider a business combination outside of our management’s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management’s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.
Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or NASDAQ rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors in this section.
We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel.
To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.
36
Table of Contents
We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.
Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.
The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal controls over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal controls over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for
37
Table of Contents
redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.
In order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or other governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our stockholders or warrant holders may not support.
In order to complete a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreement. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or other governing instruments or change our industry focus in order to complete our initial business combination.
The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or in our initial business combination. Our sponsor, who will beneficially own 27.2% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.
38
Table of Contents
We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.
Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (and not previously released to us to pay our taxes) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors in this section.
Holders of founder shares will control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
Upon the closing of this offering, holders of founder shares will own 27.2% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (27.0% if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full). In addition, the founder shares, all of which are held by our initial stockholders, will entitle the holders to elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by a majority of at least 90% of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the election of directors prior to our initial business combination.
Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company, our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will exert significant influence over actions requiring a stockholder vote.
39
Table of Contents
Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
Upon the closing of this offering, our initial stockholders will own shares representing 27.2% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock, including private placement shares (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any units in this offering or if our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by certain of our initial stockholders, is and will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination.
Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors in this section.
We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
     If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to complete our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information,
40
Table of Contents
which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Furthermore, the relative lack of information about a private company may hinder our ability to properly assess the value of such a company which could result in our overpaying for that company.
If we effect our initial business combination with a business located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such business will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.
If we effect our initial business combination with a business located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such business operates will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or enforce remedies for breaches of those agreements in that jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a business located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under federal securities laws.
If we complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.
If we complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:
•        higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets;
•        rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;
•        complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
•        laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;
•        tariffs and trade barriers;
•        regulations related to customs and import/export matters;
•        longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
•        tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
•        currency fluctuations and exchange controls;
•        rates of inflation;
•        cultural and language differences;
•        employment regulations;
•        crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars;
•        deterioration of political relations with the United States; and
•        government appropriations of assets.
We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
41
Table of Contents
Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following this offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
•        default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
•        acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
•        our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
•        our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
•        our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;
•        using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes;
•        limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
•        increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
42
Table of Contents
•        limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and
•        other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.
Of the net proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement units, up to $220,000,000 (or $253,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be available to complete our business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which includes up to $8,800,000, or up to approximately $10,780,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions).
We may complete our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to complete our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:
•        solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or
•        dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.
This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination.
Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team
Our ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of such people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
Our ability to successfully complete our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team. The role of members of our management team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members of our management team may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
43
Table of Contents
Members of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
Members of our management team may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. For example, our Chief Executive Officer serves as Chairman or Chief Executive Officer of INSU III, FinTech IV, FinTech V, FTAC Parnassus and FTAC Hera, and our Chairman serves as Chairman of FinTech IV, FinTech V, FTAC Olympus and FTAC Hera, each a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting its own initial business combination.
Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain a waiver of the corporate opportunity doctrine, which will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless (i) such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company (ii) such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and (iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer the opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. The purpose for the surrender of corporate opportunities is to allow officers, directors or other representatives with multiple business affiliations to continue to serve as an officer of our company or on our board of directors. Our officers and directors may from time to time be presented with opportunities that could benefit both another business affiliation and us. In the absence of the “corporate opportunity” waiver in our charter, certain candidates would not be able to serve as an officer or director. We believe we substantially benefit from having representatives who bring significant, relevant and valuable experience to our management, and, as a result, the inclusion of the “corporate opportunity” waiver in our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides us with greater flexibility to attract and retain the officers and directors that we feel are the best candidates.
However, the personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. The different timelines of competing business combinations could cause our directors and officers to prioritize a different business combination over finding a suitable acquisition target for our business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest, which could negatively impact the timing for a business combination.
For a complete discussion of our officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see the sections of this prospectus entitled “Management — Officers and Directors,” “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
44
Table of Contents
We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing stockholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Effecting Our Initial Business Combination — Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination” and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing stockholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Additionally, were we successful in consummating such a transaction, conflicts could invariably arise from the interest of the initial stockholders or their affiliates in maximizing their returns, which may be at odds with the strategy of the post-business combination company or not in the best interests of the public stockholders of the post-business combination company. Any or all of such conflicts could materially reduce the value of your investment, whether before or after our initial business combination.
Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.
Our sponsor currently owns 8,653,333 founder shares, which will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have committed to purchase an aggregate of 660,000 placement units for an aggregate purchase price of $6.6 million. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares, placement shares or placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination within the allotted 24 month period. If we do not consummate a business combination, our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will realize a loss on the placement units they purchased. As a result, the personal and financial interests of certain of our officers and directors, directly or as members of our sponsor, in consummating an initial business combination, along with their flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination and completing an initial business combination that is not in the best interests of our stockholders. Consequently, the discretion of our officers and directors, in identifying and selecting a suitable target business combination may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular initial business combination are appropriate and in the best interest of our public stockholders. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.
We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us.
When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
45
Table of Contents
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
Risks Relating to our Securities
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination.
If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:
•        restrictions on the nature of our investments; and
•        restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination.
In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:
•        registration as an investment company;
•        adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and
•        reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.
We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. This offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to
46
Table of Contents
stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent a business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors in this section.
NASDAQ may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.
Our units have been approved for listing on NASDAQ and we expect our Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on or promptly after their date of separation. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NASDAQ listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on NASDAQ in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on NASDAQ prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders’ equity (generally $2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NASDAQ’s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than NASDAQ’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on NASDAQ. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share, our stockholders’ equity would generally be required to be at least $5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50% of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least $2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.
If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board or the “pink sheets.” If this were to occur, there could be material adverse consequences, including:
•        a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
•        reduced liquidity for our securities;
•        a determination that our Class A common stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;
•        a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and
•        a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on NASDAQ, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on NASDAQ, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.
47
Table of Contents
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
We are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.
We are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.
Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares, after those shares convert to our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, and private
48
Table of Contents
placement shares. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants included in the units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.
We may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering, there will be 71,675,000 and 2,446,667 (assuming, in each case, that the underwriters have not exercised their over-allotment option) authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. Immediately after the consummation of this offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination.
We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination (including pursuant to a specified future issuance) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-initial business combination activity). We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination.
The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock:
•        may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering;
•        may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;
•        could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and
•        may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants.
49
Table of Contents
The exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in some similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire worthless.
The exercise price of the public warrants is higher than some similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is $11.50 per share. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless.
Certain agreements related to this offering may be amended without stockholder approval.
Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to this offering, the investment management trust agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders, officers and directors, the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example, the underwriting agreement related to this offering contains (i) a representation that we will not consummate any public or private equity or debt financing prior to the consummation of a business combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive, in writing, any rights in or claims against the trust account and (ii) a covenant that the target company that we acquire must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the transaction with such target business (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendment may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.
Our sponsor contributed an aggregate of approximately $25,000, or approximately $0.0029 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A common stock.
The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the Class A common stock and none to the warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our initial stockholders acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon the closing of this offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, you and the other public stockholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 94.7% (or $9.47 per share, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $0.53 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per unit. In addition, because of the anti-dilution rights of the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A common stock.
We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.
Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.
50
Table of Contents
We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.
We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants (excluding any placement warrants held by our sponsor or its respective permitted transferees) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.
Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to complete our business combination.
We will be issuing warrants to purchase 5,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock (or up to 6,325,000 shares of Class A common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) as part of the units offered by this prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of this offering, we will be issuing to our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium in a private placement an aggregate of 660,000 private placement units consisting of one private placement share and one-fourth of one private placement warrant, with each whole warrant exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. Our sponsor currently owns 8,653,333 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, such loans may be converted into units, at the price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units.
To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to complete a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.
The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in this offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis.
Because each unit contains one-fourth of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.
Each unit contains one-fourth of one warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fourth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share.
51
Table of Contents
A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for use to consummate an initial business combination.
If (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by us and in the case of any such issuance to our sponsors or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 50% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described under “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants” will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.
The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company.
Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with the underwriters with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the units, including the Class A common stock and warrants underlying the units, include:
•        the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
•        prior offerings of those companies;
•        our prospects for acquiring an operating business;
•        a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions;
•        our capital structure;
•        an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
•        general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and
•        other factors as were deemed relevant.
Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results.
There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.
There is currently no market for our securities. Stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.
52
Table of Contents
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
53
Table of Contents
General Risk Factors
We are a company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
We are a company with no operating results, and we will not sustain operations until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations.
We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.
Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with our management team and its affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team’s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward.
As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.
In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination.
In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.
54
Table of Contents
We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.
We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management’s attention.
As a public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (which we refer to as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), the Dodd-Frank Act Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (which we refer to as the Dodd-Frank Act), the listing requirements of NASDAQ and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an “emerging growth company.” The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses.
55
Table of Contents
In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely affected.
However, for as long as we remain an “emerging growth company” as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirement of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an “emerging growth company.”
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period.
We face risks applicable to financial technology businesses.
Business combinations with financial technology businesses may involve special considerations and risks. If we complete our initial business combination with a financial technology business, we will be subject to the following risks, any of which could be detrimental to us and the business we acquire:
We may be subject to claims from both the firms to whom we provide our products and services and the clients they serve.
If the products or services we provide relate to the facilitation of financial transactions, such as funds or securities settlement systems, and a failure or compromise of our product or service results in loss to a customer or its clients, we may be liable for such loss. The amount of the loss could be significantly greater that the revenues we derived from providing the product or service.
If we are unable to keep pace with evolving technology and changes in the financial services industry, our revenues and future prospects may decline.
We expect that the markets for the products and services of any target business we acquire will likely be characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and evolving industry standards. The introduction of products and services embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards can render existing products and services obsolete and unmarketable in short periods of time. We expect new products and services, and enhancements to existing products and services, will be developed and introduce by others, which will compete with the products and services that we offer. Our success will depend upon our ability to enhance current products and services and to develop and introduce new products and services that keep pace with technological developments and emerging industry standards. If we are unable to develop and introduce new products and services or enhancements in a timely manner, or if a release of a new product or service does not achieve market acceptance, our revenues and future prospects may decline.
56
Table of Contents
Our ability to provide financial technology products and services to customers may be reduced or eliminated by regulatory changes.
We expect that the customer base for our products or services will be principally banks and other financial institutions such as insurance companies and securities firms, all of which are subject to extensive regulation. Any product or service we supply to these firms likely will be affected by and designed to comply with the customer’s regulatory environment. If the regulatory environment affecting a particular product or service changes, the product or service could become obsolete or unmarketable, or require extensive and expensive modification. As a result, regulatory changes may impair our revenues and our profitability. If we only provide a single product or service a change in the applicable regulatory environment could cause a significant business interruption and loss of revenue until appropriate modifications are made. Moreover, if the regulatory change eliminates the need for the product or service, or if the expense of making necessary modifications exceeds our resources or available financing, we may be unable to continue in business.
A failure to comply with privacy regulations could adversely affect relations with customers and have a negative impact on business.
Depending upon the type of financial technology business we acquire, in the course of providing services to our customers we may collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential information on our customers and their clients. A failure of our systems due to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other causes could result in the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer information. Any such failure could result in damage to our reputation with our customers, expose us to the risk of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations, and impair our ability to operate profitably.
We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and we may be subject to infringement claims.
We expect to rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect any proprietary technology of a target business. Although we intend to protect vigorously any intellectual property we acquire, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property or may develop competitive technology. Our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products or services or design around our intellectual property rights. We may have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which is expensive, could cause a diversion of resources and may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce intellectual property protection could harm our business and ability to compete.
We also may be subject to claims by third parties for infringement of another party’s proprietary rights, or for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant liability for damages. An adverse determination in any litigation of this type could require us to design around a third party’s intellectual property, obtain a license for that technology or license alternative technology from another party. None of these alternatives may be available to us at a price which would allow us to operate profitably. In addition, litigation is time consuming and expensive to defend and could result in the diversion of the time and attention of management and employees. Any claims from third parties may also result in limitations on our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims.
57
Table of Contents
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements in this prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about:
•        the ability of our officers and directors to generate potential investment opportunities;
•        our ability to complete our initial business combination;
•        our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;
•        our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
•        our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements;
•        our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
•        our pool of prospective target businesses;
•        the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, NASDAQ or our ability to have our securities listed on NASDAQ or another national securities exchange following our initial business combination;
•        the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities;
•        our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
•        the lack of a market for our securities;
•        the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;
•        the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or
•        our financial performance following this offering.
The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
58
Table of Contents
USE OF PROCEEDS
We are offering 22,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private placement units will be used as set forth in the following table.
  Without
Over-Allotment
Option
  Over-Allotment
Option
Fully Exercised
Gross proceeds
                Gross proceeds from units offered to public(1)
  $
220,000,000
    $
253,000,000
  Gross proceeds from private placement units offered in the private placement
    6,600,000
      6,600,000
  Total gross proceeds
  $
226,600,000
    $
259,600,000
                    Offering expenses(2)
                Underwriting commissions (2% of gross proceeds from firm units offered to public, excluding deferred portion)(3)
  $
4,400,000
    $
4,400,000
  Legal fees and expenses
    250,000
      250,000
  Accounting fees and expenses
    45,000
      45,000
  SEC/FINRA Expenses
    66,053
      66,053
  Travel and road show
    20,000
      20,000
  NASDAQ listing and filing fees
    75,000
      75,000
  Director and Officer liability insurance premiums
    500,000
      500,000
  Printing and engraving expenses
    40,000
      40,000
  Miscellaneous
    203,947
      203,947
  Total offering expenses (excluding underwriting commissions)
  $
1,200,000
    $
1,200,000
  Proceeds after offering expenses
  $
221,000,000
    $
254,000,000
  Held in trust account(3)
  $
220,000,000
    $
253,000,000
  % of public offering size
    100
%
    100
%
Not held in trust account
  $
1,000,000
    $
1,000,000
  The following table shows the use of the approximately $1,000,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account.(4)
  Amount
  % of Total
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other expenses in connection with any business combination(5)
  $
150,000
  $
15.0
%
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations
    130,000
    13.0
%
Payment for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services ($25,000 per month for up to 24 months)
    600,000
    60.0
%
Reserve for liquidation
    100,000
    10.0
%
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses
    20,000
    2.0
%
Total
  $
1,000,000
    100.0
%
____________
(1)      Includes amounts payable to public stockholders who properly redeem their shares in connection with our successful completion of our initial business combination.
(2)     A portion of the offering expenses will be paid from the proceeds of a loan from our sponsor or one of its affiliates of up to $300,000 as described in this prospectus, of which, no amounts were outstanding as of February 8, 2021. This loan will be repaid upon the earlier of the completion of this offering or June 30, 2021. If offering expenses actually paid are less than the estimates set forth in this table, the balance will be used for post-closing working capital. In the event that the offering expenses are more than as set forth in this table, we may fund such excess with funds not held in the trust account.
(3)      The representative has agreed to defer until consummation of our initial business combination $8.8 million of its underwriting commissions (or approximately $10.8 million if the underwriters’ overallotment option is exercised in full), which equals 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the units sold to the public, excluding any units purchased pursuant to the underwriters’ overallotment option, and 6.0% of the gross proceeds from the units sold to the public pursuant
59
Table of Contents
to the underwriters’ overallotment option. This amount will be placed in the trust account and will be released to the representative only on completion of an initial business combination, as described in this prospectus. See the section titled “Underwriting” for a description of the compensation payable to the underwriters. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions.
(4)      These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our business combination based upon the level of complexity of such business combination. In the event we identify a business combination target in a specific industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses.
(5)      Includes estimated amounts that may also be used in connection with our business combination to fund a “no shop” provision and commitment fees for financing.
We may increase or decrease the total number of units sold to the public in this offering. If we decide to proceed with an offering that results in an increase in the total number of units sold to the public, we would have additional proceeds from the offering available to pursue an acquisition. If we proceed with an offering that results in a decrease in the total number of shares sold to the public, we would have reduced proceeds from the offering available to pursue an acquisition. Such an increase or decrease may impact the size of the initial business combination we may pursue. In addition, the proceeds held in trust would correspondingly increase or decrease such that 100% of the gross proceeds from this offering will be held in trust. The underwriters’ option to purchase additional units to cover over-allotments will correspondingly increase or decrease. We would issue additional Class B common stock in the event we increase the total number of units sold in this offering and the holders of our Class B common stock would forfeit shares of Class B common stock in the event we decrease the total number of units sold in this offering so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination).
The rules of NASDAQ provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement units be deposited in a trust account. Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units, $220,000,000 (or $253,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), including $8,800,000 (or $10,780,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions, will be placed in a U.S.-based trust account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate that the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $220,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.10% per year; however, we can provide no assurance regarding this amount. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement units will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law.
The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other assets, companies or for working capital.
60
Table of Contents
We believe that amounts not held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of a business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek additional capital, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates, but such persons are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us.
Commencing on the date of the initial listing of our securities on NASDAQ, we have agreed to pay our sponsor or its affiliate a total of $25,000 per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier of June 30, 2021 or the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the offering proceeds not held in the trust account.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of NASDAQ. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Although they do not currently anticipate paying any premium purchase price for such public shares, there is no limit on the price they may pay. They may also enter into transactions to provide such holders with incentives to acquire shares or vote their shares in favor of an initial business combination. No funds in the trust account may be used to effect purchases of shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going- private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
We may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) and the agreement for our business combination may require as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights so that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement or any net worth or cash requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares or the business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination.
61
Table of Contents
A public stockholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this prospectus, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (b) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months following the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. In addition, our initial stockholders, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame. However, if our sponsor or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquires public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares they acquire. Permitted transferees of the founder shares and private placement shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium would be subject to the same restrictions applicable to our sponsor, officers and directors, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium, respectively.
62
Table of Contents
DIVIDEND POLICY
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase the size of the offering, we will effect a stock dividend with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders at 25% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
63
Table of Contents
DILUTION
The difference between the public offering price per share of Class A common stock, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are offering pursuant to this prospectus or the private placement warrants contained in the private placement units, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private placement warrants, which would cause the actual dilution to the public stockholders to be higher, particularly where a cashless exercise is utilized. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of Class A common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock.
At February 8, 2021, our net tangible book value was $13,521, or approximately $0.00 per share of common stock. After giving effect to the sale of 22,000,000 shares of Class A common stock included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, the sale of the private placement units and the deduction of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at February 8, 2021 would have been $5,000,010, or approximately $0.53 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of 20,722,399 shares of Class A common stock that may be redeemed for cash and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) of $0.53 per share to our initial stockholders as of the date of this prospectus and an immediate dilution of $9.47 per share or 94.7% to our public stockholders not exercising their redemption rights. The dilution to new investors if the underwriters exercise the over-allotment option in full would be an immediate dilution of $9.54 per share or 95.4%.
The following table illustrates the dilution to the public stockholders on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units or the private placement warrants (assuming no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option):
  Without
Over-allotment
  With
Over-allotment
Public offering price
  $
10.00
    $
10.00
  Net tangible book deficit before this offering
    0.00
      0.00
  Increase attributable to public stockholders
    0.53
      0.46
  Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering and the sale of the private placement units
    0.53
      0.46
  Dilution to public stockholders
  $
9.47
    $
9.54
  Percentage of dilution to public stockholders
    94.7
%
    95.4
%
For purposes of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) by $207,223,990 because holders of up to approximately 94.2% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account as set forth in our tender offer or proxy materials (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two days prior to the commencement of our tender offer or stockholders meeting, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes), divided by the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering.
The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial stockholders, holders of placement shares, and the public stockholders:
  Shares Purchased
  Total Consideration
  Average Price Per Share
    Number
  Percentage
  Amount
  Percentage
  Initial Stockholders(1)
  7,553,333
  25.0
%
  $
25,000
  0.01
%
  $
0.003
Holders of Private Placement Shares
  660,000
  2.2
%
  $
6,600,000
  2.91
%
  $
10.00
Public Stockholders
  22,000,000
  72.8
%
    220,000,000
  97.09
%
  $
10.00
    30,213,333
  100.0
%
  $
226,600,000
  100.0
%
      ____________
(1)      Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of an aggregate of 1,100,000 shares of Class B common stock held by our sponsor.
64
Table of Contents
The pro forma net tangible book value per share after the offering is calculated as follows (assuming no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option):
  Without
Over-allotment
  With
Over-allotment
Numerator:
                Net tangible book value before this offering
  $
13,521
    $
13,521
  Net proceeds from this offering and sale of the private placement units
    221,000,000
      254,000,000
  Plus: Offering costs paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value before this offering
    10,479
      10,479
  Less: Deferred underwriting commissions
    (8,800,000
)
    (10,780,000
)
Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to redemption
    (207,223,990
)
    (238,243,990
)
    $
5,000,010
    $
5,000,010
                    Denominator:
                Class B common stock outstanding prior to this offering
    8,653,333
      8,653,333
  Class B common stock forfeited if over-allotment is not exercised
    (1,100,000
)
    —
  Class A common stock included in the units offered
    22,000,000
      25,300,000
  Class A common stock included in the private placement units offered
    660,000
      660,000
  Less: Shares subject to redemption
    (20,722,399
)
    (23,824,399
)
      9,490,934
      10,788,934
  65
Table of Contents
CAPITALIZATION
The following table sets forth our capitalization at February 8, 2021, and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of our units and the private placement units and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities:
  February 8, 2021
    Actual
  As Adjusted(1)
Promissory note – related party
  $
—
    $
—
  Deferred underwriting commissions
    —
      8,800,000
  Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized;
-0- and 20,722,399 shares are subject to possible redemption, actual and adjusted, respectively(3)
    —
      207,223,990
  Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted
    —
      —
  Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized;
-0- and 1,912,601 shares issued and outstanding (excluding -0- and 20,722,399 shares subject to possible redemption), actual and as adjusted, respectively(3)
    —
      191
  Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, 8,653,333(4) and 7,553,333(4) shares issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted, respectively
    865
      755
  Additional paid-in capital
    24,000
      5,000,064
  Accumulated deficit
    (1,000
)
    (1,000
)
Total stockholders’ equity
  $
24,000
    $
5,000,010
  Total capitalization
  $
24,000
    $
221,024,000
  ____________
(1)      Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and the resulting forfeiture of 1,100,000 founder shares held by our sponsor has occurred.
(2)      Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of February 8, 2021, we had no amounts outstanding under the promissory note with our sponsor.
(3)      Upon the completion of our initial business combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, subject to the limitations described herein whereby our net tangible assets will be maintained at a minimum of $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination.
(4)      Actual share amount is prior to any forfeiture of founder shares by our sponsor and as adjusted amount assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
66
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview
We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions directly or indirectly, with respect to identifying any business combination target. We intend to complete our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt.
The issuance of additional shares of our stock in a business combination:
•        may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock;
•        may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;
•        could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
•        may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
•        may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants.
Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or owners of a target, it could result in:
•        default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
•        acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
•        our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;
•        our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
•        our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;
•        using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes;
•        limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;
•        increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
67
Table of Contents
•        limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and
•        other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.
As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at February 8, 2021, we had $25,000 in cash, deferred offering costs of $10,479 and our net tangible book value was $13,521. Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful.
Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events
We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
At February 8, 2021, we had $25,000 in cash and working capital of $13,521. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this uncertainty through this offering are discussed below. Our plans to raise capital or to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful.
Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of this offering through a capital contribution from our sponsor of $25,000 and a loan to us of up to $300,000 by our sponsor under an unsecured promissory note. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $1,200,000, underwriting commissions of $4,400,000 (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of $8,800,000 (or $10,780,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full)), and (ii) the sale of the private placement units for a purchase price of $6,600,000, will be $221,000,000 (or $254,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Of this amount, $220,000,000 (or $253,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account, which includes $8,800,000 (or $10,780,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions. The remaining $1,000,000 will not be held in the trust account. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,200,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $1,200,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less amounts released to us for taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes and up to $100,000 to pay dissolution expenses. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion of this offering, to be $200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we will have available to us $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account. We will use these funds primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar
68
Table of Contents
locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, and to pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on the trust account is not sufficient to pay our taxes.
In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender at the time of the business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units sold in the private placement. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately $150,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; $130,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; $600,000 for administrative and shared personnel support services; $100,000 reserved for liquidation; and approximately $20,000 for working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves.
These amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses.
We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination, which may include a specified future issuance. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.
Controls and Procedures
We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement.
69
Table of Contents
Prior to the closing of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our independent registered public accounting firm tested our systems, of internal controls over financial reporting. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as:
•        staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties;
•        reconciliation of accounts;
•        proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate;
•        evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions;
•        documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and
•        documentation of accounting policies and procedures.
Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting.
Once our management’s report on internal controls over financial reporting is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent registered public accounting firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal controls over financial reporting.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
The net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.
Related Party Transactions
In February 2021, our sponsor acquired 8,653,333 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 25% of the outstanding shares of our common stock upon completion of this offering. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders at 25% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon consummation of this offering. Upon consummation of our initial business combination, our sponsor will transfer 920,000 founder shares to Millennium for the same price originally paid for such shares.
Commencing on the date of this prospectus, we have agreed to pay our sponsor or its affiliate a total of $25,000 per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
70
Table of Contents
Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier of June 30, 2021 or the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the offering proceeds not held in the trust account.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender at the time of the business combination. The units would be identical to the private placement units sold in the private placement. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have separately committed to purchase 660,000 private placement units (320,000 private placement units to our sponsor, 110,000 private placement units to Cantor Fitzgerald and 235,000 private placement units to Millennium), each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $6,600,000 in the private placement that will occur simultaneously with the completion of this offering. Each whole private placement warrant is exercisable for one whole share of our Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will be permitted to transfer the private placement units, and their underlying common stock and warrants, held by them to certain permitted transferees, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities as our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium. Otherwise, these units will not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our business combination. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees. The private placement warrants may also be exercised by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium and their permitted transferees for cash or on a cashless basis. For as long as the private placement warrants are held by Cantor Fitzgerald, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Other than as stated above, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.
Millennium has expressed to us an interest to purchase up to 9.0% of the units in this offering (excluding units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option). Because this expression of interest is not a binding agreement or commitment to purchase, Millennium may determine to purchase more, fewer or no units in this offering, and we are under no obligation to accept Millennium’s offer in part or full. In the event that Millennium purchases such units (either in this offering or after) and votes them in favor of our initial business combination, a smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. As a result of the founder shares and private placement units that Millennium may hold, they may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders.
Pursuant to a registration rights agreement we will enter into with our initial stockholders and holders of private placement units on or prior to the closing of this offering, we may be required to register certain securities for sale under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders of warrants included in the units issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register certain of our securities held by them for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have the right
71
Table of Contents
to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results
As of February 8, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus, as we have conducted no operations to date.
JOBS Act
On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.
Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company”, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of this offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
72
Table of Contents
PROPOSED BUSINESS
Introduction
We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any potential business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target.
We currently intend to concentrate our efforts in identifying businesses providing technological services to the financial services industry, with particular emphasis on businesses that provide data processing, storage and transmission services, data bases and payment processing services. We are not, however, required to complete our initial business combination with a financial technology business and, as a result, we may pursue a business combination outside of that industry. We will seek to acquire established businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound but potentially in need of financial, operational, strategic or managerial redirection to maximize value. We do not intend to acquire start-up companies, companies with speculative business plans or companies that are excessively leveraged.
NASDAQ rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets or prospects.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of NASDAQ’s 80% fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable.
Business Strategy
We will seek to capitalize on the significant financial services, financial technology and banking experience and contacts of Daniel G. Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, Betsy Z. Cohen, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, and James J. McEntee, III, our President, to identify, evaluate, acquire and operate a target business. If we elect to
73
Table of Contents
pursue an investment outside of the financial technology industry, our management’s expertise related to that industry may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding that industry might not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. Daniel G. Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, Betsy Z. Cohen, our Chairman of the Board, and James J. McEntee, III, our President, have extensive experience in the financial services industry generally, and the financial technology industry in particular, as well as extensive experience in operating financial services companies in a public company environment.
Several members of our management team, including our Chairman, served as executive officers and/or directors of FinTech Acquisition Corp., or FinTech I, a former blank check company which raised $100.0 million in its initial public offering in February 2015 and completed its initial business combination when it acquired FTS Holding Corporation in July 2016, which we refer to as the FinTech I Acquisition. See “Management — FinTech I” for information regarding FinTech I and the Fintech I Acquisition. Several members of our management team also served as executive officers and/or directors of FinTech Acquisition Corp. II, or FinTech II, a blank check company which raised $175.0 million in its initial public offering in January 2017 and completed its initial business combination when it acquired Intermex Holdings II in July 2018, which we refer to as the FinTech II Acquisition, in connection with which FinTech II changed its name to International Money Express, Inc. The common stock of International Money Express, Inc. is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “IMXI.” See “Management — FinTech II” for information regarding FinTech II and the Fintech II Acquisition.  Certain members of our management team served as executive officers and/or directors of FinTech Acquisition Corp. III, or FinTech III, a blank check company which raised $345.0 million in its initial public offering in November 2018 and completed its initial business combination with Paya, Inc. in October 2020, which we refer to as the FinTech III Acquisition. The common stock of Paya Holdings, Inc. is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PAYA.” See “Management — FinTech III” for information regarding FinTech III and the FinTech III Acquisition. Additionally, members of our board of directors and management team also currently serve as executive officers, directors and/or advisors of: FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV (NASDAQ: FTIV), or FinTech IV, a blank check company which raised $230.0 million in its initial public offering in September 2020; FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: FTOC), or FTAC Olympus, a blank check company which raised $754.7 million in its initial public offering in August 2020; and FinTech Acquisition Corp. V (NASDAQ: FTCV), or FinTech V, a blank check company which raised $250.0 million in its initial public offering in December 2020. See “Management — FinTech IV” for information regarding FinTech IV. See “Management — FTAC Olympus” for information regarding FTAC Olympus. See “Management — FinTech V” for information regarding FinTech V. We believe that potential sellers of target businesses will view the fact that members of our board of directors and management team have successfully closed multiple business combinations with vehicles similar to our company as a positive factor in considering whether or not to enter into a business combination with us. However, past performance is not a guarantee of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate.
Mr. Cohen, with over 22 years of experience in financial services and financial technology, is the Chairman of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Managers of Cohen & Company, LLC, and serves as the President and Chief Executive of the European Business of Cohen and Company, Inc. (NYSE American: COHN), a financial services company with approximately $2.65 billion in assets under management as of September 30, 2020, and as President, a director and the Chief Investment Officer of Cohen and Company Inc.’s indirect majority owned subsidiary, Cohen & Company Financial Limited (formerly known as EuroDekania Management Limited), a Financial Conduct Authority regulated investment advisor and broker dealer focusing on the European capital markets (“CCFL”). Mr. Cohen previously served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Managers of Cohen & Company, LLC. Mr. Cohen served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Cohen and Company, Inc. from December 2009 to September 2013 and as the Chairman of the Board of Directors from October 2006 to September 2013. Mr. Cohen served as the executive Chairman of Cohen and Company, Inc. from October 2006 to December 2009. In addition, Mr. Cohen served as the Chairman of the Board of Managers of Cohen & Company, LLC from 2001 to September 2013, as the Chief Investment Officer of Cohen & Company, LLC from October 2008 to September 2013, and as Chief Executive Officer of Cohen & Company, LLC from December 2009 to September 2013. Mr. Cohen served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (formerly C&Co/PrinceRidge Partners LLC), the Company’s indirect broker dealer subsidiary (“JVB”), from July 2012 to September 2013. Mr. Cohen is also a founder, the former Chief Executive Officer and the current Chairman of The Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: TBBK), which we refer to as Bancorp, a financial holding company with over $6.2 billion of total assets as of September 30, 2020. Bancorp’s principal subsidiary is The Bancorp Bank, a state chartered bank that provides a wide range of commercial and retail banking products
74
Table of Contents
and services to both regional and national markets. Mr. Cohen currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of FinTech IV and FinTech V, and serves as Chairman of the Board of INSU Acquisition Corp. III, or INSU III (NASDAQ: IIII). Mr. Cohen also recently joined FTAC Parnassus Acquisition Corp., or FTAC Parnassus, as its Chairman, and FTAC Hera Acquisition Corp., or FTAC Hera as Chief Executive Officer and President, each a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting its own initial business combination. Until October 2020, Mr. Cohen served as the Chief Executive Officer of FinTech III and as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Insurance Acquisition Corp., or INSU I. Until February 2021, Mr. Cohen served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of INSU Acquisition Corp. II, or INSU II. Mr. Cohen also served as Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of FinTech I until the FinTech I Acquisition, and as Chief Executive Officer and a director of FinTech II until the FinTech II Acquisition. He is also a past Chief Executive Officer of RAIT Financial Trust, which we refer to as RAIT, formerly a publicly traded real estate finance company focused on the commercial real estate industry, from December 2006 when it merged with Taberna Realty Finance Trust, to February 2009, and served as a trustee from the date RAIT acquired Taberna in February 2009 until his resignation from that position in February 2010. From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Cohen served as the Chief Operation Officer of Resource America, Inc., formerly a publicly traded asset management company with interests in energy, real estate and financial services. Mr. Cohen was also a past director of Jefferson Bank of Pennsylvania, a commercial bank and subsidiary of JeffBanks, Inc., a publicly traded bank holding company, which we refer to as JeffBanks, acquired by Hudson United Bancorp in 1999.
Ms. Cohen, with over 42 years of experience, was a founder of Bancorp and served as Bancorp’s Chief Executive Officer from September 2000 through December 2014. Ms. Cohen served as Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech III until the FinTech III Acquisition, as Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech II until the FinTech II Acquisition, and also served as the Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech I until the Fintech I Acquisition and, following the FinTech I Acquisition, served on the post-business combination board of directors until May 2017. She is currently the Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech IV, FinTech V, FTAC Olympus and FTAC Athena Acquisition Corp., or FTAC Athena (NASDAQ: FTAA), and FTAC Hera. She also currently serves as a director of Metromile, Inc., the successor to INSU II. Ms. Cohen is a founder of RAIT and was its Chairman until December 2010 and its Chief Executive Officer until December 2006. She was also the founder and Chief Executive Officer of JeffBanks and its subsidiary banks from 1974 until the merger of JeffBanks into Hudson United Bancorp in 1999.
Mr. McEntee, with over 22 years of experience, is a director of Bancorp and The Bancorp Bank, was previously the Chief Executive Officer of Alesco Financial, an investment firm specializing in credit related fixed income investment, until it merged with Cohen & Company and was the Chief Operating Officer of Cohen & Company. Mr. McEntee served as President and Chief Financial Officer of FinTech III until the FinTech III Acquisition, Chief Financial Officer of FinTech II until the FinTech II Acquisition, and also served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of FinTech I until the Fintech I Acquisition. He is currently President and Secretary of FinTech IV and FinTech V.
We have identified the following criteria that we intend to use in evaluating business transaction opportunities. We expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity. Further, any particular business transaction opportunity which we ultimately determine to pursue may not meet one or more of these criteria:
History of free cash flow generation.    We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a history of, or potential for, strong, stable free cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams.
Strong management team.    We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have strong, experienced management teams or those that provide a platform for us to assemble an effective and experienced management team. We will focus on management teams with a proven track record of driving revenue growth, enhancing profitability and creating value for their stockholders.
Opportunities for add-on acquisitions.    We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that we can grow both organically and through acquisitions. In addition, we believe that our ability to source proprietary opportunities and execute transactions will help the business we acquire grow through acquisition, and thus serve as a platform for further add-on acquisitions.
Defensible business niche.    We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a leading or niche market position and that demonstrate advantages when compared to their competitors, which may help to create barriers to entry against new competitors. We anticipate that these barriers to entry will enhance the ability of these businesses or assets to generate strong profitability and free cash flow.
75
Table of Contents
Diversified customer and supplier base.    We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a diversified customer and supplier base, which are generally better able to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation, changing business preferences and other factors that may negatively impact their customers, suppliers and competitors.
Competitive Strengths
We believe we have the following competitive strengths:
Management Operating and Investing Experience.    Our directors and executive officers have significant experience in the financial services and financial technology industries. Daniel G. Cohen, with over 22 years’ experience in the financial services industry, is a founder of Bancorp, the Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of an investment bank and is an officer and director of a broker-dealer subsidiary of the investment bank. Betsy Z. Cohen has over 42 years’ experience in the financial services industry and is a founder of and, until her retirement in December 2014, served as chief executive officer of, The Bancorp, Inc., a financial holding company whose banking subsidiary, The Bancorp Bank, provides banking services principally through the internet. James J. McEntee, III, with over 22 years of experience in the financial services industry, is a director of The Bancorp, Inc. and The Bancorp Bank, was previously the Chief Executive Officer of an investment firm specializing in credit related fixed income investment, a managing director of COHN and the Vice-Chairman and Co-Chief Operating Officer of JVB Financial. Additionally, each of Mr. Cohen, Ms. Cohen and Mr. McEntee served as an executive officer and/or director of FinTech I, FinTech II and FinTech III and currently serves as an executive officer and/or director of FinTech IV and FinTech V. We believe that this breadth of experience provides us with a competitive advantage in evaluating businesses and acquisition opportunities in our target industry.
Established Deal Sourcing Network.    As a result of their extensive experience in the financial services industry, our management team members have developed a broad array of contacts in the industry. We believe that these contacts will be important in generating acquisition opportunities for us.
Strong Financial Position and Flexibility.    With a trust account initially in the amount of $220,000,000 and a public market for our common stock, we offer a target business a variety of options to facilitate a future business transaction and fund the growth and expansion of business operations. Because we are able to consummate an initial business transaction using our capital stock, debt, cash or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to design an acquisition structure to address the needs of the parties. We have not, however, taken any steps to secure third party financing and expect to do so only in connection with the consummation of our initial business transaction. Accordingly, our flexibility in structuring an initial business transaction may be constrained by our ability to arrange third-party financing, if required.
Status as a Public Company.    We believe our structure will make us an attractive business transaction partner to prospective target businesses. As an existing public company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business transaction with us. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders’ interests than it would as a private company. We believe that being a public company can also augment a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid it in attracting and retaining talented employees.
Effecting Our Initial Business Combination
General
We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations following this offering until our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination.
If we pay for our initial business combination using stock or debt securities, or we do not use all of the funds released from the trust account for payment of the purchase price in connection with our business combination or for redemptions or purchases of our common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the
76
Table of Contents
trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of acquired businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in consummating our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
We have not identified any acquisition target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any discussions, with respect to identifying any acquisition target. From the period prior to our formation through the date of this prospectus, there have been no communications or discussions between any of our officers, directors or our sponsor and any of their potential contacts or relationships regarding a potential initial business combination. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business. While we have not contacted any of the prospective target businesses that FinTech I, FinTech II, FinTech III, FinTech IV or FinTech V had considered and rejected while searching for target businesses to acquire, we may do so in the future if we become aware that the valuations, operations, profits or prospects of such target business, or the benefits of any potential transaction with such target business, would be attractive. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.
NASDAQ rules require that our initial business combination be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. However, if our securities are not listed on NASDAQ or another securities exchange, we will no longer be subject to that requirement.
We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities to finance our initial business combination, and we may effectuate an initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would consummate such financing only simultaneously with the consummation of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or NASDAQ, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.
Sources of Acquisition Candidates
We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds, brokers and other members of the financial community and corporate executives. These target candidates may present solicited or unsolicited proposals. We expect such sources to become aware that we are seeking a business combination candidate by a variety of means, including publicly available information relating to this offering, public relations and marketing efforts or direct contact by management following the completion of this offering.
Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their contacts. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only if our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder’s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event,
77
Table of Contents
however, will we pay our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is), other than (i) repayment of loans made to us prior to the date of this prospectus by our sponsor to cover offering-relating and organization expenses, (ii) repayment of loans that our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their respective affiliates or other third parties may make to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination (provided that if we do not consummate an initial business combination, we may use working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment), (iii) payments to our sponsor or its affiliate of a total of $25,000 per month for office space, utilities and shared personnel support services, (iv) payment of certain consulting fees to persons engaged by an entity affiliated with certain of our directors and officers , (v) at the closing of our initial business combination, a customary advisory fee to affiliates of our sponsor, in an amount that constitutes a market standard advisory fee for comparable transactions and services provided; and (vi) to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. None of the initial stockholders, our officers, our directors or any entity with which they are affiliated will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder’s fees or consulting fees from a prospective acquisition target in connection with a contemplated acquisition of such target by us. Although some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the acquired business following our initial business combination, the presence or absence of any such arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. Additionally, we are not prohibited from partnering, submitting joint bids, or entering into any similar transaction with such persons in the pursuit of an initial business combination. If we seek to complete an initial business combination with such a company or we partner with such persons in our pursuit of an initial business combination, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Generally, such opinion is rendered to a company’s board of directors and investment banking firms may take the view that stockholders may not rely on the opinion. Such view will not impact our decision on which investment banking firm to hire.
Unless we consummate our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain a financial fairness opinion from an independent investment banking firm. If we do not obtain such an opinion, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value and fairness based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. The application of such standards would involve a comparison, from a valuation standpoint, of our business combination target to comparable public companies, as applicable, and a comparison of our contemplated transaction with such business combination target to other then-recently announced comparable private and public company transactions, as applicable. The application of such standards and the basis of our board of directors’ determination will be discussed and disclosed in our tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.
Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination
NASDAQ rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M&A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial
78
Table of Contents
business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of NASDAQ’S 80% fair market value test. There is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination.
To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.
In evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us.
The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.
Status as a Public Company
We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.
Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.
We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
79
Table of Contents
In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.
Financial Position
With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of $211,200,000, after payment of $8,800,000 of deferred underwriting fees (or $242,220,000 after payment of up to $10,780,000 of deferred underwriting fees if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), in each case before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.
Lack of Business Diversification
For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:
•        subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and
•        cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team
Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team or of our board, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is presently unknown if any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. The determination as to whether any members of our board of directors will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
80
Table of Contents
Following a business combination, to the extent that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination
We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction.
Type of Transaction
  Whether
Stockholder
Approval is
Required
Purchase of assets
  No
Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company
  No
Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company
  No
Merger of the company with a target
  Yes
Under NASDAQ’s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:
•        we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding;
•        any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5% or more; or
•        the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control.
Permitted Purchases of our Securities
In the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Although they do not currently anticipate paying any premium purchase price for such public shares, there is no limit on the price they may pay. They may also enter into transactions to provide such holders with incentives to acquire shares or vote their shares in favor of an initial business combination.  Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
81
Table of Contents
The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.
Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act.
Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the representative. Our sponsor, officers and directors, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have entered into written agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination.
Manner of Conducting Redemptions
We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote
82
Table of Contents
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ, we will be required to comply with such rules.
If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
•        conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and
•        file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
Upon the public announcement of our business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
In the event that we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
•        conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
•        file proxy materials with the SEC.
In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our sponsor, officers and directors’ founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 7,233,335, or 32.9%, of the 22,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). We intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor,
83
Table of Contents
officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination.
Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights
We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.
There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this
84
Table of Contents
fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.
The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an “option window” after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation.
As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become “option” rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder’s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved.
Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our business combination.
If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.
If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of this offering.
Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination within such 24-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the 24-month time period.
Our sponsor, officers and directors, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating
85
Table of Contents
distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 24-month time period. Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares they acquire.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us (filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part), that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that (i) would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above) we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares.
We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to $100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.
If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than $10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims.
Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest and claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account.
86
Table of Contents
In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims We have not independently verified whether FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC’s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.00 per public share.
We will seek to reduce the possibility that FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to $1,000,000 from the proceeds of this offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,200,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $1,200,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under
87
Table of Contents
Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.
Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith,
88
Table of Contents
thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (b) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this prospectus. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above.
Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with our Initial Business Combination and if We Fail to Complete our Business Combination
The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering.
  Redemptions in Connection with our Initial Business Combination
  Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by us or our Affiliates
  Redemptions if we fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination
Calculation of redemption price
  Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination
  If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions.
  If we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share), including any amounts representing deferred underwriting commissions and interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
89
Table of Contents
  Redemptions in Connection with our Initial Business Combination
  Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by us or our Affiliates
  Redemptions if we fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination
    (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share), including any amounts representing deferred underwriting commissions and interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place, if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination.
        Impact to remaining stockholders
  The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable released to us.
  If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us.
  The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our business combination will reduce the book value per share for the founder shares and the private placement shares held by our initial stockholders, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium, who will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions.
Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule
The following table compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419. This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering.
  Terms of Our Offering
  Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds
  $220,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee.
  Approximately $186,120,000 of the offering proceeds would be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
90
Table of Contents
  Terms of Our Offering
  Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Investment of net proceeds
  $220,000,000 of the net offering proceeds and the sale of the private placement units held in trust will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
  Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
Receipt of interest on escrowed funds
  Interest on proceeds from the trust account to be paid to stockholders is reduced by (i) any taxes paid or payable; and (ii) in the event of our liquidation for failure to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time, up to $100,000 of net interest that may be released to us should we have no or insufficient working capital to fund the costs and expenses of our dissolution and liquidation.
  Interest on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to us in connection with our completion of a business combination.
Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business
  Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.
  The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
Trading of securities issued
  The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Cantor Fitzgerald informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option.
  No trading of the units or the underlying Class A common stock and warrants would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
91
Table of Contents
  Terms of Our Offering
  Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Exercise of the warrants
  The warrants cannot be exercised until the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering.
  The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account.
Election to remain an investor
  We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including any amounts representing deferred underwriting commissions and interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. We may not be required by law to hold a stockholder vote. If we are not required by law and do not otherwise decide to hold a stockholder vote, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, we hold a stockholder vote, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting.
  A prospectus containing information pertaining to the business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post-effective amendment to the company’s registration statement, to decide if it elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of its investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the securities are issued.
92
Table of Contents
  Terms of Our Offering
  Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Business combination deadline
  If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
  If an acquisition has not been completed within 18 months after the effective date of the company’s registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors.
Release of funds
  Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (b) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of 100% of our public shares if we are unable to complete a business combination within the required time frame (subject to the requirements of applicable law).
  The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time.
93
Table of Contents
Competition
In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash to our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.
Facilities
We currently maintain our executive offices at 2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703, Philadelphia, PA 19104-2870. The cost for our use of this space is included in the $25,000 per month fee we will pay to our sponsor or its affiliate for office space, utilities, and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.
Employees
We currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Periodic Reporting and Financial Information
We will register our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.
We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.
Legal Proceedings
There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.
94
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT
Executive Officers, Directors and Director Nominees
Our executive officers, directors and director nominees are as follows:
Name
  Age
  Position
Betsy Z. Cohen
  79
  Chairman of the Board
Daniel G. Cohen
  51
  Chief Executive Officer
James J. McEntee, III
  63
  President and Secretary
Douglas Listman
  50
  Chief Financial Officer
Madelyn Antoncic
  67
  Director Nominee
Laura Kohn
  52
  Director Nominee
Ellen Warren
  64
  Director Nominee
Mona Aboelnaga Kanaan
  52
  Director Nominee
Betsy Z. Cohen has served as Chairman of our board of directors since November 2020. Since June 2019, she has served as Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech V, since May 2019, she has served as the Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech IV, since June 2020, she has served as Chairman of the board of directors of FTAC Olympus, since November 2020, she has served as Chairman of the board of directors of FTAC Athena, and since January 2021, she has served as Chairman of the board of directors of FTAC Hera. She also currently serves as a director of Metromile, Inc. (NASDAQ: MILE), the successor to INSU II. Ms. Cohen served as Chairman of FinTech III’s board of directors from March 2017 until October 2020, as Chairman of FinTech II’s board of directors from August 2016 until July 2018. She served as a director of FinTech I and its successor, Card Connect Corp., a provider of payment processing solutions to merchants, from November 2013 until May 2017, and previously served as Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech I from July 2014 through July 2016 and as FinTech I’s Chief Executive Officer from July 2014 through August 2014. She served as Chief Executive Officer of Bancorp and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bancorp Bank, from September 2000 and Chairman of Bancorp Bank from November 2003, and resigned from these positions upon her retirement in December 2014. She served as the Chairman of the Board of Trustees and as a trustee of RAIT Financial Trust, a real estate investment trust, from its founding in August 1997, through her resignation as of December 31, 2010 and served as RAIT’s Chief Executive Officer from 1997 to 2006. Ms. Cohen served as a director of Hudson United Bancorp (a bank holding company), the successor to JeffBanks, Inc., from December 1999 until July 2000 and as the Chairman of the Jefferson Bank Division of Hudson United Bank (Hudson United Bancorp’s banking subsidiary) from December 1999 through March 2000. Before the merger of JeffBanks, Inc. with Hudson United Bancorp in December 1999, Ms. Cohen was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JeffBanks, Inc. from its inception in 1981 and also served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of each of its subsidiaries, Jefferson Bank, which she founded in 1974, and Jefferson Bank New Jersey, which she founded in 1987. From 1985 until 1993, Ms. Cohen was a director of First Union Corp. of Virginia (a bank holding company) and its predecessor, Dominion Bancshares, Inc. In 1969, Ms. Cohen co-founded a commercial law firm and served as a senior partner until 1984. Ms. Cohen also served as a director of Aetna, Inc. (NYSE: AET), an insurance company, from 1994 until May 2018. Our board has determined that Ms. Cohen’s extensive experience in the financial services industry generally, and the financial technology industry in particular, as well as extensive experience in operating financial services companies in a public company environment, qualifies her to serve as a member of our board of directors.
Daniel G. Cohen has served as our Chief Executive Officer since November 2020. Since October 2020, Mr. Cohen has served as the Chairman of the Board of INSU III, since December 2020 he has served as Chairman of the Board of FTAC Parnassus, and he served as the Chairman of the Board of INSU II from January 2019 until its initial business combination in February 2021. Previously, he served as the Chairman of the Board of INSU I from December 2018 to October 2020. Since February 2018, Mr. Cohen has served as the Chairman of the board of directors and of the board of managers of Cohen & Company, LLC, and has, since September 2013, served as the President and Chief Executive of the European Business of Cohen & Company Inc. (NYSE American: COHN), a financial services company with approximately $2.65 billion in assets under management as of September 30, 2020, and as President, a director and the Chief Investment Officer of Cohen & Company Inc.’s indirect majority owned subsidiary, Cohen & Company Financial Limited (formerly known as EuroDekania Management Limited), a Financial Conduct Authority regulated investment advisor and broker dealer focusing on the European capital markets (“CCFL”). Mr. Cohen served as Vice Chairman of the board of directors and of the board of managers
95
Table of Contents
of Cohen & Company, LLC from September 2013 to February 2018. Mr. Cohen served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Cohen & Company Inc. from December 2009 to September 2013 and as the Chairman of the board of directors from October 2006 to September 2013. Mr. Cohen served as the executive Chairman of Cohen & Company Inc. from October 2006 to December 2009. In addition, Mr. Cohen served as the Chairman of the board of managers of Cohen & Company, LLC from 2001 to September 2013, as the Chief Investment Officer of Cohen & Company, LLC from October 2008 to September 2013, and as Chief Executive Officer of Cohen & Company, LLC from December 2009 to September 2013. Mr. Cohen served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (formerly C&Co/PrinceRidge Partners LLC), Cohen & Company Inc.’s indirect broker dealer subsidiary (“JVB”), from July 2012 to September 2013. He has been the Chairman of The Bancorp Inc. (“Bancorp”) (NASDAQ: TBBK) and Chairman of the Executive Committee of Bancorp’s board of directors since its inception in 1999. Mr. Cohen is Vice-Chairman of Bancorp Bank’s board of directors and Chairman of its Executive Committee. He had previously been Chairman of Bancorp Bank’s board of directors from September 2000 to November 2003 and, from July 2000 to September 2000, had been Bancorp Bank’s Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cohen has served as the Chief Executive Officer of FinTech IV since May 2019, FinTech V since October 2020, and of FTAC Hera since January 2021. Mr. Cohen previously served as a director and Chief Executive Officer of FinTech II from May 2015 until July 2018 and as Chief Executive Officer of FinTech III from March 2017 to October 2020. He previously served as a director of FinTech I from November 2013 until July 2016, as FinTech I’s President and Chief Executive Officer from August 2014 until July 2016, and as FinTech I’s Executive Vice President from July 2014 through August 2014. He also previously served as Chief Executive Officer of RAIT Financial Trust (“RAIT”) from December 2006, when it merged with Taberna Realty Finance Trust (“Taberna”), to February 2009, and served as a trustee from the date RAIT acquired Taberna until his resignation from that position in February 2010. Mr. Cohen was Chairman of the board of trustees of Taberna from its inception in March 2005 until its December 2006 acquisition by RAIT, and its Chief Executive Officer from March 2005 to December 2006. Mr. Cohen served as a director of Star Asia, a joint venture investing in Asian commercial real estate, from February 2007 to February 2014 and as a director of Muni Funding Company of America, LLC, a company investing in middle-market non-profit organizations, from April 2007 to June 2011. Mr. Cohen is a member of the Academy of the University of Pennsylvania, a member of the Visiting Committees for the Humanities and a member of the Paris Center of the University of Chicago. Mr. Cohen is also a Trustee of the List College Board of the Jewish Theological Seminary, a member of the board of the Columbia Global Center in Paris, a Trustee of the Paideia Institute and a Trustee of the Arete Foundation.
James J. McEntee, III has served as our President and Secretary since November 2020, as the President of FinTech V since June 2019, and as the President of FinTech IV since May 2019. Previously Mr. McEntee served as the Chief Financial Officer of FinTech IV from May 2019 to August 2020. He also served as the President and Chief Financial Officer of FinTech III from March 2017 until October 2020, and as President and Chief Financial Officer of FinTech II from May 2015 until July 2018. He served as FinTech I’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer from August 2014 to July 2016. He has served as the Managing Principal of StBWell, LLC, an owner and operator of real estate, since June 2010. Mr. McEntee has been a director of both Bancorp and its wholly-owned subsidiary Bancorp Bank since September 2000 and was a director of T-Rex Group, Inc., a provider of risk analytics software for investors in renewable energy, from November 2014 to January 2018. Mr. McEntee was the Chief Executive Officer of Alesco Financial, Inc. from the date of its incorporation in 2006 until its merger with Cohen & Company in December 2009 and was the Chief Operating Officer of Cohen & Company from March 2003 until December 2009, and was a managing director of COHN and was the Vice-Chairman and Co-Chief Operating Officer of JVB Financial through October 2013. Mr. McEntee was a principal in Harron Capital, L.P., a media and communications venture capital fund, from 1999 to September 2002. From 1990 through 1999, Mr. McEntee was a stockholder at Lamb McErlane, PC, and from 2000 until 2004 was of counsel to Lamb McErlane. Mr. McEntee was previously a director of Pegasus Communications Corporation, a publicly held provider of communications and other services, and of several other private companies. Mr. McEntee has served since 2008 as a director of The Chester Fund, a nonprofit organization, and served as its Chairman from July 2012 to January 2018.
Douglas Listman has been our Chief Financial Officer since November 2020, the Chief Financial Officer of FinTech V since October 2020, the Chief Financial Officer of FinTech IV since August 2020, the Chief Financial Officer of FTAC Olympus since August 2020, the Chief Financial Officer of FTAC Athena since December 2020, and the Chief Financial Officer of FTAC Hera since January 2021. He has served as the Chief Accounting Officer of Cohen & Company, Inc. since December 2009 and Chief Accounting Officer of Cohen & Company, LLC since 2006. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Listman served as an associate for Resources Global Professionals (a worldwide accounting services consulting firm). From 1992 to 2003, Mr. Listman served in various accounting and finance
96
Table of Contents
positions including: senior accountant with KPMG; Assistant Corporate Controller of Integrated Health Services (a publicly traded provider of skilled nursing services; NYSE: IHS); Controller of Integrated Living Communities (a publicly traded provider of assisted living services; NASDAQ: ILCC); Chief Financial Officer of Senior Lifestyles Corporation (a private owned provider of assisted living services); and Chief Financial Officer of Monarch Properties (a privately owned health care facility real estate investment company). Mr. Listman is a Certified Public Accountant and graduated from the University of Delaware with a B.S. in accounting.
Madelyn Antoncic, Ph.D. will serve as an independent director immediately upon the effective date of this prospectus. Dr. Antoncic has served as a director of FinTech IV since May 2019 and as a director of FinTech III from November 2018 to October 2020. Since December 2019, Dr. Antoncic has served as CEO of Global Algorithmic Institute (Global-AI.org), an “A.I. For Good” non-profit Think Tank within Global A.I. Corp (GAI), a Big Data A.I. start-up where she is Managing Partner, providing quantitative research and data on Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) and the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) issues. She is also Consultant and Senior Advisor to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) on Corporate Reporting for the SDGs. From February 2019 until November 2019, Dr. Antoncic served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Foundation, a not-for-profit sustainability standards setter. From October 2015 to October 2017, Dr. Antoncic served as Executive Director and a member of the Operating Committee of Principal Global Investors, a global asset management company. Before that, from July 2011 to July 2015, Dr. Antoncic served as Vice President and Treasurer of the World Bank (WB), where, in addition to her financial responsibilities, she oversaw several technical assistance and capacity building programs working with the World Bank’s 189-member countries. She is known for her leadership in financial innovation and implementation of national climate-related catastrophic risk mitigation structures to help countries mitigate and transfer climate-related catastrophic risk to the markets, providing financial protection and resilience to countries. She is also known for implementing a new World Bank Capital-at-Risk Note program and facility for hedging catastrophic and other non-market risks; as well as for the WB’s sustainable development related Green bond issuance program. Dr. Antoncic began her career in 1983 as an Economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, followed by 12 years at Goldman Sachs, holding several leadership roles including more than seven years trading structured mortgage products, two years as a Director at Barclays Capital, and ten years at Lehman Brothers. Dr. Antoncic is on the Board of Overseers of Weill Cornell Medicine and the Graduate School of Medical Sciences of Cornell University; and the Board of Directors of S&P Global Ratings. She is a former member of the Board of One-to-World supporting Fulbright students and scholars; The World Bank Group Pension Finance Committee, Vice-Chairman; the Public Sector Issuers Forum, Co-chair; Barclay’s Capital Board and member of the Executive Committee of the Board; and the Board of Directors of the Girl Scout Council of Greater New York. She is a recipient of numerous awards and is a frequent speaker on sustainability, including speaking at the UN General Assembly SDG Business Forum Plenary and at UNCTAD-ISARs. She has published on climate-induced catastrophic risk, ESGs, SDGs, and other risk topics, and is a Member of the Editorial Board of the peer-reviewed Journal of Risk Management in Financial Institutions. She holds a Ph.D. in economics with a minor in finance from NYU Stern School, was an Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Doctoral Fellow and has taught economics and finance at Stern’s Graduate and Undergraduate Schools. With leadership and management roles for more than 30 years in large, complex, global financial institutions in both the private and public sector, and as a recognized industry leader and expert on sustainability and systemic risk, our board believes that Dr. Antoncic is well qualified to serve as a director.
Laura S. Kohn will serve as an independent director immediately upon the effective date of this prospectus. Ms. Kohn is an independent investor and entrepreneur focused primarily on real estate investments. Previously, Ms. Kohn was Vice President and Head of Institutional Strategy at Charles Schwab from 2009 to 2012 and Senior Vice President of Strategic Initiatives at Wells Fargo from 2007 to 2009. Prior to that Ms. Kohn served as Senior Principal at the Parthenon Group, a provider of strategy consulting, where she directed consulting engagements and developed relationships with client executives at Fortune 500 companies, mid-tier companies and start-up ventures. Ms. Kohn began her career at the Boston Consulting Group, where she provided strategic consulting services to executive management of Fortune 500 companies. Ms. Kohn has served as a director of FinTech IV since September 2020. She holds an M.B.A. in Finance from the Wharton School of Business, a Ph.D. in Industrial and Organizational Behavior from Rice University and a B.A. in Psychology from Binghamton University. Our board believes that Ms. Kohn’s breadth and depth of experience as an investor and strategic planner make her well qualified to serve as a director.
Ellen F. Warren will serve as an independent director immediately upon the effective date of this prospectus. Ms. Warren is an experienced independent director of public companies, having served as a director of Atlas Energy Group, LLC from February 2015 until May 2020, a director of the general partner of Atlas Energy, L.P. from
97
Table of Contents
February 2011 until February 2015, a director of Atlas Energy, Inc. from September 2009 until February 2011, and a director of Atlas Energy Resources, LLC from December 2006 until September 2009. She is founder and President of OutSource Communications, a marketing communications firm that she founded in August 2005 that services corporate and nonprofit clients. Before founding OutSource Communications, she was President of Levy Warren Marketing Media, a public relations and marketing firm she co-founded in March 1998. Before that she was Vice President of Marketing/Communications for Jefferson Bank from September 1992 to February 1998, and President of Diversified Advertising, Inc. from December 1984 to September 1992, where she provided marketing services to various industries. As a prior member of the National Association of Corporate Directors, Ms. Warren also offers expertise in corporate governance matters.
Mona Aboelnaga Kanaan will serve as an independent director immediately upon the effective date of this prospectus. Ms. Kanaan is Managing Partner of K6 Investments LLC, a private investment firm she founded in 2011 that invests globally in the financial services, technology, consumer products and entertainment industries. From 2002 to 2013, She was President and CEO of Proctor Investment Managers LLC, a private equity firm she co-founded which invested in traditional and alternative asset management companies. Before that, Ms. Kanaan was Senior Vice President at Communications Equity Associates (CEA) where she expanded the firm’s principal investment activities in the US and Middle East. Prior to joining CEA, she was a Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Siguler Guff & Company. Earlier, she held various positions at PaineWebber Investment Banking in the Leveraged Transactions and Financial Institutions Groups. Since 2019, Ms. Kanaan has served on the board of directors of Sterling Bancorp (NYSE: STL), a bank holding company with over $30 billion in assets as of September 30, 2020. She also serves on the Board of Advisors of Ibancar, a FinTech company specializing in collateralized auto lending in the country of Spain, and the Advisory Board and FinTech Task Force of Dubai-based VC fund Global Ventures. Previously, she served as a director of Siguler Guff Small Business Credit Opportunities Fund, Peridiem Global Investors (on behalf of National Australia Bank), Proctor Investment Managers and Conquest Capital Group. She is a Trustee of The Chapin School, the Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT) and International House New York. She is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and a Leadership Fellow of the National Association of Corporate Directors. Ms. Kanaan is a recognized expert in private equity, asset management, entrepreneurship and the Middle East, and a frequent speaker.
Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors
Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of, Madelyn Antoncic and Ellen Warren, will next expire at our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Betsy Cohen, Laura Kohn and Mona Aboelnaga Kanaan, will next expire at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Collectively, through their positions described above, our officers and directors have extensive experience in public companies and in the financial services industry. These individuals will play a key role in identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, selecting the target businesses, and structuring, negotiating and consummating their acquisition.
Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of one or more Chairmen of the Board, one or more Chief Executive Officers, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.
Director Independence
Nasdaq rules require that a majority of the board of directors of a company listed on Nasdaq must be composed of “independent directors.” An “independent director” is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that Mses. Antoncic, Kohn, Warren and Kanaan are independent directors under the Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Because we expect to list our securities on Nasdaq in connection with our initial public offering, we have one year from the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq to have a majority of our board of directors consist of independent members.
98
Table of Contents
Officer and Director Compensation
None of our executive officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered. No compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination other than (i) repayment of loans made to us prior to the date of this prospectus by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organization expenses, (ii) repayment of loans that our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their respective affiliates or other third parties may make to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination (provided that if we do not consummate an initial business combination, we may use working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment), (iii) payments to our sponsor or its affiliate of a total of $25,000 per month for office space, utilities, and shared personnel support services, (iv) payment of certain consulting fees to persons engaged by an entity affiliated with certain of our directors and officers, (v) at the closing of our initial business combination, a customary advisory fee to affiliates of our sponsor, in an amount that constitutes a market standard advisory fee for comparable transactions and services provided; and (vi) to reimburse for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigation and completing an initial business combination. Prior to the appointment of our audit committee, our independent directors must approve all payments in excess of $5,000 to any initial stockholder, sponsor, our directors and officers or our or their affiliates. Following the appointment of an audit committee, the audit committee will approve such payments.
After the consummation of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain in one of those capacities may be paid director, consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee consisting solely of independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.
We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business although we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of an initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
Committees of the Board of Directors
Upon the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms part, our board of directors will have two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Each committee will operate under a charter that has been approved by our board and will have the composition and responsibilities described below. We have filed a copy of our audit committee charter and compensation committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of NASDAQ and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of NASDAQ require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.
Audit Committee
Upon or prior to the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Mona Aboelnaga Kanaan, Laura Kohn and Ellen Warren. Each of Mses. Kanaan, Kohn and Warren meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq’s listing standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Ms. Kanaan will serve as Chairman of our audit committee.
99
Table of Contents
We will adopt an audit committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the audit committee, including:
•        the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;
•        pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures;
•        reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;
•        setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm;
•        setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
•        obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent auditor’s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;
•        reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and
•        reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.
Financial Expert on Audit Committee
The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are “financially literate” as defined under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define “financially literate” as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement.
In addition, we must certify to the Nasdaq Capital Market that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s financial sophistication. We have determined that Ms. Kanaan satisfies Nasdaq’s definition of financial sophistication and also qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC.
Compensation Committee
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our Compensation Committee will be Madelyn Antoncic and Ellen Warren. Dr. Antoncic will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Dr. Antoncic and Ms. Warren meet the independent director standard under NASDAQ listing standards applicable to members of the compensation committee.
100
Table of Contents
We will adopt a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
•        reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;
•        reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers;
•        reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans;
•        implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
•        assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
•        approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;
•        if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
•        reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to our sponsor or its affiliate of $25,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities, and shared personnel support services, payment of certain consulting fees to persons engaged by an entity affiliated with certain of our directors and officers, a customary advisory fee to affiliates of our sponsor at the closing of our initial business combination, in an amount that constitutes a market standard advisory fee for comparable transactions and services provided, and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.
The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC.
Director Nominations
We do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ Rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place.
The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws.
We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders.
101
Table of Contents
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year have not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors.
Code of Conduct and Ethics
Prior to the consummation of this offering, we will adopt a Code of Conduct and Ethics (Code of Ethics) applicable to our directors and officers. A copy of our Code of Ethics will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.”
Conflicts of Interest
In general, officers and directors of a Delaware corporation are required to present business opportunities to the corporation if:
•        the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;
•        the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and
•        it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, however, that the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, will not apply to us or any of our officers or directors or in circumstances that would conflict with any current or future fiduciary duties or contractual obligations.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present the opportunity to such entity prior to presenting the opportunity to us or, if he or she is subject to a non-compete obligation that includes business opportunities, he or she may be prohibited from referring such opportunity to us. Below is a table summarizing the companies to which our officers, directors and director nominees owe fiduciary obligations that could conflict with their fiduciary obligations to us, all of which may have to (i) be presented appropriate potential target businesses by our officers or directors, and (ii) reject the opportunity to acquire such potential target business, before the opportunity may be presented to us:
Individual
  Entity(1)
  Affiliation
Betsy Z. Cohen
  FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp.
FTAC Athena Acquisition Corp.
FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV
FinTech Acquisition Corp. V
Metromile, Inc.
  Chairman
Chairman
Chairman
Chairman
Director
Daniel G. Cohen
  The Bancorp, Inc.
Cohen & Company Inc.
J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC
FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV
FinTech Acquisition Corp. V
INSU Acquisition Corp. III
  Chairman
Chairman
Affiliate
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Executive Officer
Chairman of the Board
James J. McEntee, III
  The Bancorp, Inc.
FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV
FnTech Acquisition Corp. V
  Director
President and Secretary President and Secretary
102
Table of Contents
Individual
  Entity(1)
  Affiliation
Douglas Listman
  Cohen & Company Inc.
J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC
FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp.
FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV
FinTech Acquisition Corp. V
FTAC Athena Acquisition Corp.
  Chief Accounting Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief Financial Officer
Laura Kohn
  FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV
FinTech Acquisition Corp. V
  Director
Director
Madelyn Antoncic
  FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV
Gobal A.I. Co.
  Director
Managing Partner
Ellen Warren
  OutSource Communications Inc.
  Founder and President
Mona Aboelnaga Kanaan
  K6 Investments LLC
Sterling Bancorp
  Managing Partner
Director
____________
(1)      Does not include blank check companies, such as FTAC Parnassus and FTAC Hera, each of which have not yet consummated an initial public offering.
Messrs. Cohen and McEntee are directors of Bancorp, a financial holding company, and its subsidiary bank, Bancorp Bank, which provide banking and other financial services, including prepaid and debit cards, private label banking, healthcare accounts and merchant card processing. As such, they are required to present corporate opportunities relating to the current business of Bancorp and Bancorp Bank, as well as businesses that may be undertaken by a financial holding company under federal banking law, prior to presenting them to us.
Several of our officers and directors are executives or directors of FinTech IV, FinTech V, INSU III and FTAC Olympus. Messrs. Cohen and Listman are executive officers and/or directors of Cohen & Company, a financial services company specializing in credit-related fixed income investments, including fixed income sales, trading and financing, and management of fixed income assets. As such, Messrs. Cohen and Listman are obligated to present corporate opportunities relating to such businesses to the respective companies prior to presenting those opportunities to us.
We do not believe that any of the foregoing pre-existing fiduciary duties will materially affect our ability to consummate our initial business combination because, although the foregoing entities are involved in the financial services industry broadly defined, the specific industry focuses of a majority of these entities differ from our focus on financial technology businesses.
Messrs. Cohen and McEntee are affiliated with Bancorp, and Mr. Cohen is the son of Ms. Cohen. These relationships may influence the roles taken by our officers and directors with respect to us. In particular, one of our directors or officers may be less likely to object to a course of action with respect to our activities because it may jeopardize his or her relationships with the others.
In addition, each of our sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to the completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers, directors or director nominees could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor are currently sponsoring other blank check companies that are seeking to complete business combinations. Many of our directors and officers serve in similar roles for FinTech IV, FinTech V, INSU III, FTAC Olympus, FTAC Athena, FTAC Parnassus and FTAC Hera, blank check companies seeking to complete a business acquisition. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:
•        None of our officers and directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities.
103
Table of Contents
•        Each of the holders of the founder shares and private placement units, including Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium, has agreed that his, her or its founder shares and private placement shares, as applicable, will be subject to transfer restrictions and that he, she or it will not sell or transfer such shares until the applicable forfeiture provisions no longer apply. Holders of founder shares and private placement shares have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares, as applicable, (i) in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the completion of this offering or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) if we fail to consummate a business combination within the 24 months period or if we liquidate prior to the expiration of the 24 month period. The initial stockholders have also agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to public shares in connection with the consummation of a business combination and in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the 24 month period or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. However, our initial stockholders will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public shares held by them if we fail to consummate a business combination or liquidate within the 24 month period. Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares they acquire. To the extent holders of founder shares or private placement shares transfer any of these securities to certain permitted transferees, such permitted transferees will agree, as a condition to such transfer, to waive these same redemption rights. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such 24 month period, the portion of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units placed into the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our founder shares, private placement shares or private placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months of the completion of this offering (excluding any exercise of the underwriters’ overallotment option). Except as described under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units”, the founder shares, private placement units and their underlying securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable.
•        Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with holders of founder shares, our officers or directors or their affiliates. Additionally, we are not prohibited from partnering, submitting joint bids, or entering into any similar transaction with holders of founder shares, our officers or directors and their affiliates, in the pursuit of an initial business combination. The interests of our partners in any such transaction may differ materially from ours. If we seek to complete an initial business combination with such a company or we partner with such related persons in our pursuit of an initial business combination, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will these related persons be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination other than (i) repayment of loans made to us prior to the date of this prospectus by our sponsor to cover offering-relating and organization expenses, (ii) repayment of any incremental loans which our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their respective affiliates or other third parties may make to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination (provided that if we do not consummate an initial business combination, we may use working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment), (iii) payment of certain consulting fees to persons engaged by an entity affiliated with certain of our directors and officers and (iii) at the closing of our initial business combination, a customary advisory fee to affiliates of our sponsor, in an amount that constitutes a market standard advisory fee for comparable transactions
104
Table of Contents
and services provided. Commencing on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we will pay an amount equal to $25,000 per month to our sponsor or its affiliate for office space, utilities, and shared personnel support services provided to us.
We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.
In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor and each of our initial stockholders has agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our sponsor and the initial stockholders will own, upon completion of this offering and the private placement and assuming they buy no shares in this offering (which they have indicated they do not intend to do), a total of 8,213,333 shares of Class B common stock and private placement shares, or 9,313,333 shares of Class B common stock and private placement shares if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full, representing 27.2% and 27.0% respectively of our then-outstanding shares. Accordingly, 7,233,335 public shares (8,333,335 public shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) constituting 32.9% (32.9% if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of outstanding public shares must be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order for it to be approved.
Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.
We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.
These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
We believe that these provisions, the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.
FinTech I
Ms. Cohen and Messrs. Cohen and McEntee served as executive officers of FinTech I, and Ms. Cohen and Mr. Cohen served as directors of FinTech I. FinTech I, a former blank check company, raised $100.0 million in its initial public offering in February 2015 at an initial public offering price of $10.00 per share. Cantor Fitzgerald served as the underwriter of FinTech I’s initial public offering. On July 29, 2016, FinTech I completed its initial business combination when it acquired FTS Holding Corporation, or FTS, a provider of payment processing solutions to merchants throughout the United States.
Under the terms of the acquisition, the shareholders of FTS received $179.1 million in cash and 15,162,470 shares of FinTech I common stock. Outstanding options to purchase FTS common stock were converted into options to purchase 3,463,950 shares of FinTech I common stock. The cash portion of the acquisition consideration was financed through the issuance of $100.0 million of first lien debt, $40.0 million of second lien debt, the issuance of 1.5 million shares of Series A preferred stock and 480,544 shares of common stock for an
105
Table of Contents
aggregate purchase price of $37.5 million, and the issuance of 467,647 shares of common stock for a purchase price of $4.7 million. A portion of the cash consideration was used to refinance the approximately $62 million in principal and interest outstanding at the acquisition closing under FTS’s then existing revolving credit facility. Following the acquisition, the combined company had a substantial amount of indebtedness, which consisted of an aggregate of $140.0 million outstanding under the new first and second lien credit facilities.
Following the acquisition, the former FTS stockholders held approximately 54.6% of FinTech I common stock, while pre-acquisition FinTech I stockholders held approximately 43.6%, and the equity investor held approximately 1.7%, of FinTech I common stock. Upon the closing of the acquisition, the pre-acquisition executive officers of FinTech I resigned and were replaced by the executive officers of FTS and, the pre-acquisition directors of FinTech I resigned, except for Ms. Cohen who continued as a director of the combined company, and were succeeded by directors designated pursuant to the terms of the acquisition. No pre-acquisition executive officers or directors of FinTech I received any severance or other payment or benefit in connection with their respective resignations, although they did retain founder shares issued to them for nominal consideration in connection with the formation of FinTech I, representing approximately 5.8% of the combined company. FinTech I changed its name to CardConnect Corp. at closing.
The common stock of CardConnect Corp. was traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “CCN” until CardConnect Corp. was acquired by First Data Corporation on July 6, 2017 for $15.00 per share in cash.
FinTech II
Ms. Cohen and Messrs. Cohen and McEntee served as executive officers of FinTech II, and Ms. Cohen and Mr. Cohen served as directors of FinTech II. FinTech II, a blank check company, raised $175.0 million in its initial public offering in January 2017 at an initial public offering price of $10.00 per share. Cantor Fitzgerald served as the underwriter of FinTech II’s initial public offering.
On December 19, 2017, FinTech II entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) by and among FinTech II, FinTech II Merger Sub Inc., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of FinTech II (“Merger Sub 1”), FinTech II Merger Sub 2 LLC, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of FinTech II (“Merger Sub 2” and together with Merger Sub 1, the “Merger Subs”), Intermex Holdings II, Inc. (“Intermex”) and SPC Intermex Representative LLC, which provided for the acquisition of Intermex by FinTech II pursuant to the proposed merger of Merger Sub 1 with and into Intermex with Intermex continuing as the initial surviving entity (the “First Merger”), immediately following which the initial surviving entity will be merged (the “Second Merger,” and together with the First Merger, the “Merger”) with and into Merger Sub 2, with Merger Sub 2 continuing as the surviving entity and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of FinTech II. The Merger was consummated on July 26, 2018 and the pre-acquisition executive officers and directors of FinTech II resigned. No pre-acquisition executive officers or directors of FinTech II received any severance or other payment or benefit in connection with their respective resignations, although they did retain founder shares issued to them for nominal consideration in connection with the formation of FinTech II.
The aggregate consideration paid in the Merger consisted of (i) 17,477,682 shares of FinTech II common stock and (ii) $102.0 million in cash.
In connection with the closing of the Merger, FinTech II redeemed a total of 4,938,232 shares of its common stock at a redemption price of $10.086957 per share, resulting in a total payment to redeeming stockholders of approximately $49,811,733.84.
Immediately following the Merger, the former stockholders of Intermex owned approximately 48.3% of FinTech II’s outstanding common stock, the former stockholders of FinTech II owned approximately 51.7% of FinTech II’s outstanding common stock (20.4% held by FinTech II’s initial stockholders). FinTech II changed its name to International Money Express, Inc. at closing.
The common stock of International Money Express, Inc. is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “IMXI.” [Since January 1, 2021, the common stock of International Money Express, Inc. has traded as high as $18.69 per share and as low as $6.46 per share.]
106
Table of Contents
FinTech III
Messrs. Cohen and McEntee served as executive officers of FinTech III, and Mses. Cohen and Antoncic served as directors of FinTech III. FinTech III, a blank check company, raised $345.0 million in its initial public offering in November 2018 at an initial public offering price of $10.00 per share. Cantor Fitzgerald and Northland Capital Markets served as the underwriters of FinTech III’s initial public offering.
On August 3 2020, FinTech III entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Paya Merger Agreement”) by and among GTCR-Ultra Holdings, LLC (“Seller”), GTCR Ultra-Holdings II, LLC (“Holdings”), FinTech Acquisition Corp. III Parent Corp. (“Parent”), FinTech III, FinTech III Merger Sub Corp. (“Merger Sub”), GTCR/Ultra Blocker, Inc. (“Blocker”), and GTCR Fund XI/C LP (“Blocker Seller”), which provided for, among other things, (a) Merger Sub to be merged with and into FinTech III with FinTech III being the surviving corporation in the merger and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Paya Merger”) and (b) through a series of transactions, Seller and Blocker Seller to contribute to Parent all of the equity interests in Holdings and Blocker in exchange for cash and shares of common stock of Parent (the “Contribution and Exchange” and together with the Paya Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “Transactions”). The Transactions were consummated on October 16, 2020 and the pre-acquisition executive officers and directors of FinTech III resigned. No pre-acquisition executive officers or directors of FinTech III received any severance or other payment or benefit in connection with their respective resignations, although they did retain founder shares issued to them for nominal consideration in connection with the formation of FinTech III.
The aggregate consideration paid in the Transactions consisted of (i) $499.7 million in cash and 54.5 million shares of Parent’s common stock, and (ii) up to an additional 14,000,000 shares of Parent’s common stock (the “Earnout Shares”), in the event that the closing sale price of Parent’s common stock exceeds certain price thresholds for 20 out of any 30 consecutive trading days during the first five years following the closing of the Transactions. The cash consideration was funded from the cash held in FinTech III’s trust account (after permitted redemptions) and the proceeds of a private placement of FinTech Class A common stock, which closed immediately prior to the Transactions.
In connection with the closing of the Transactions, FinTech III redeemed a total of 5,696,643 shares of its Class A common stock at a redemption price of $10.22735046 per share, resulting in a total payment to redeeming stockholders of $58,261,564.43.
Immediately following the Transactions, the former stockholders of Holdings owned approximately 47.3% of Parent’s outstanding common stock and the former stockholders of FinTech III (including the PIPE investors) owned approximately 52.7% of Parent’s outstanding common stock (8.4% held by FinTech III’s initial stockholders). Parent changed its name to Paya Holdings Inc. at closing.
The shares of common stock and warrants of Paya Holdings Inc. are currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “PAYA” and “PAYAW,” respectively. [Since October 19, 2020, the common stock of Paya Holdings Inc. has traded as high as $13.00 per share and as low as $10.38 per share.]
INSU
Mr. Cohen served as Chairman of the board of directors of Insurance Acquisition Corp., a black check company that raised approximately $150.7 million in its initial public offering in March 2019 at an initial public offering price of $10.00 per share. Cantor Fitzgerald served as the underwriters of Insurance Acquisition Corp.’s initial public offering.
On June 29, 2020, Insurance Acquisition Corp. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) among Insurance Acquisition Corp., IAC Merger Sub, Inc., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Insurance Acquisition Corp. (“Merger Sub”), and Shift Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Shift”), providing for, among other things, and subject to the conditions therein, the combination of Shift and Insurance Acquisition Corp. pursuant to the proposed merger of Merger Sub with and into Shift with Shift continuing as the surviving entity (the “INSU Merger”). As a result of the INSU Merger, each outstanding share of Shift common stock (“Shift Common Stock”), will be converted into the right to receive newly issued shares of the Insurance Acquisition Corp.’s Class A common stock (“IAC Common Stock”), as calculated pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. The INSU Merger was consummated on October 13, 2020 and the pre-acquisition executive officers and directors of Insurance Acquisition Corp. resigned. No pre-acquisition executive officers or directors of
107
Table of Contents
Insurance Acquisition Corp. received any severance or other payment or benefit in connection with their respective resignations, although they did retain founder shares issued to them for nominal consideration in connection with the formation of Insurance Acquisition Corp. In connection with the closing of the INSU Merger, Insurance Acquisition Corp. did not redeem any of its Class A common stock.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration paid to the stockholders of Shift in the INSU Merger consisted of (i) 38,000,000 shares of IAC Common Stock and (ii) 6,000,000 shares of IAC Common Stock (the “Additional Shares”) that were deposited into an escrow account at the closing. If the reported closing sale price of the IAC Common Stock does not exceed $12.00 per share for 20 out of any 30 consecutive trading days during the first 12 months following the closing (the “First Threshold”), then 3,000,000 Additional Shares will be returned to Insurance Acquisition Corp. (and either placed into treasury or retired). If the First Threshold is reached, such Additional Shares will be released from escrow to the respective Shift stockholders that are the holders thereof. If the reported closing sale price of the IAC Common Stock does not exceed $15.00 per share for 20 out of any 30 consecutive trading days during the first 30 months following the closing (the “Second Threshold”), then fifty percent (50%) of the Additional Shares will be returned to Insurance Acquisition Corp. (and either placed into treasury or retired). If the Second Threshold is reached, such Additional Shares will be released from escrow to the respective Shift stockholders that are the holders thereof.
Immediately following the closing, the former stockholders of Shift owned approximately 51.2% of the outstanding IAC Common Stock and the former stockholders of Insurance Acquisition Corp. owned approximately 25.8% of the outstanding IAC Common Stock (6.9% held by the initial stockholders of Insurance Acquisition Corp.), with the remaining shares of IAC Common Stock owned by the PIPE Investors. The name of Insurance Acquisition Corp. was changed to Shift Technologies, Inc. at closing.
The shares of Class A common stock and warrants of Shift Technologies, Inc. are currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “SFT” and “SFTTW,” respectively. [Since October 13, 2020, the Class A common stock of Shift Technologies, Inc. has traded as high as $12.75 per share and as low as $6.40 per share.]
FTAC Olympus
Ms. Cohen and Mr. Listman serve as Chairman of the board of directors and chief financial officer, respectively, of FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp. (“FTOC”), a blank check company that raised $750 million in its initial public offering in August 2020 at an initial public offering price of $10.00 per share. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald served as the underwriters of FTOC’s initial public offering.
On February 3, 2021, FTOC entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Reorganization Agreement”) by and among FTOC, New Starship Parent Inc., a Delaware corporation (“New Starship”), Starship Merger Sub I Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of New Starship (“First Merger Sub”), Starship Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of New Starship (“Second Merger Sub” and, together with First Merger Sub, the “Merger Subs”) and Payoneer Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Payoneer”).
Pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement, (i) First Merger Sub will merge with and into FTOC (the “FTOC Merger”), with FTOC surviving as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Starship and (ii) immediately thereafter, Second Merger Sub will merge with and into Payoneer (the “Payoneer Merger” and, together with the FTOC Merger, the “Mergers”) with Payoneer surviving as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Starship (the transactions contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement, the “Reorganization”).
The cash component of the purchase price to be paid to the equity holders of Payoneer is expected to be funded by FTOC’s cash in trust (minus any redemptions by FTOC’s existing public stockholders), as well as by a $300 million private placement. The balance of the consideration payable to the existing Payoneer equity holders will consist of shares of common stock of New Starship. Existing Payoneer equity holders have the potential to receive an earnout of up to 30 million additional shares of common stock of New Starship if certain stock price targets are met as set forth in the Reorganization Agreement.
The Reorganization Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the consummation of the Mergers by mutual written consent of the parties and in certain other limited circumstances, including if the Mergers have not been consummated by November 3, 2021. The Mergers are expected to close in the first half of 2021. The above description is not complete and we direct you to the public filings of FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp. for more information.
108
Table of Contents
INSU II
Mr. Cohen serves as Chairman of the board of directors of INSU Acquisition Corp. II, a black check company that raised $230 million in its initial public offering in September 2020 at an initial public offering price of $10.00 per share. Cantor Fitzgerald and Northland Capital Markets served as the underwriters of INSU Acquisition Corp. II’s initial public offering.
On November 24, 2020, INSU II entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (as amended, the “INSU II Merger Agreement”) by and among INSU II, INSU II Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of INSU II (“Merger Sub”), and MetroMile, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Metromile”), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into Metromile (the “INSU II Merger” and together with the other transactions contemplated by the INSU II Merger Agreement, the “Transactions”), with Metromile surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of INSU II. The Transactions were consummated on February 9, 2021 and the pre-acquisition executive officers and directors of INSU II resigned. No pre-acquisition executive officers or directors of INSU II received any severance or other payment or benefit in connection with their respective resignations, although they did retain founder shares issued to them for nominal consideration in connection with the formation of INSU II.
The aggregate consideration paid in the Transactions consisted of (i) $32 million in cash and approximately 79.5 million shares of INSU II’s Class A common stock and (ii) an additional 10 million shares of INSU II’s Class A common stock (the “Additional Shares”), in the event that the closing share price of INSU II’s Class A common stock exceeds $15.00 per share for 20 out of any 30 consecutive trading days during the first two years following the closing of the Transactions. The number of shares of the equity consideration was based on a $10.00 per share value for INSU II’s Class A common stock. The cash consideration was funded from the cash held in INSU II’s trust account (after permitted redemptions by its public stockholders) and the proceeds of a PIPE equity financing that closed contemporaneously with the Transactions.
In connection with the closing of the Transactions, INSU II redeemed a total of 8,372 shares of its Class A common stock at a redemption price of $10.00032131 per share, resulting in a total payment to redeeming stockholders of $83,722.69.
Immediately following the Transactions, the former stockholders of Metromile owned approximately 62.8% of INSU II’s outstanding common stock and the former stockholders of INSU II (including the PIPE investors) owned approximately 37.2% of INSU II’s outstanding common stock (5.7% held by INSU II’s initial stockholders). INSU II changed its name to Metromile, Inc. at closing.
The shares of common stock and warrants of Metromile, Inc. are currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “MILE” and “MILEW,” respectively. Since February 10, 2021, the common stock of Metromile, Inc. has traded as high as $[          ] per share and as low as $[          ] per share.
INSU III
Mr. Cohen is Chairman of the board of INSU III, a blank check company that raised $250 million in its initial public offering in December 2020 at an initial public offering price of $10.00 per share. Cantor Fitzgerald served as an underwriter of INSU III’s initial public offering.
FinTech IV
Ms. Cohen serves as Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech IV; Messes. Kohn and Antoncic serve as directors of FinTech IV; and Messrs. Cohen, McEntee and Listman serve as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of FinTech IV, a black check company that raised $230 million in its initial public offering in September 2020 at an initial public offering price of $10.00 per share. Cantor Fitzgerald and Wells Fargo Securities served as underwriters of FinTech IV’s initial public offering.
109
Table of Contents
On December 29, 2020, FinTech IV entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the “Business Combination Agreement”), by and among FinTech IV, FinTech Investor Holdings IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Fintech Masala Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, PWP Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“PWP”), PWP GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of PWP (“PWP GP”), PWP Professional Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership and a limited partner of PWP (“Professionals”), and Perella Weinberg Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of Professionals (“Professionals GP”) pursuant to which, among other things, FinTech IV will acquire interests in PWP, which will become jointly-owned by FinTech IV, Professionals, and certain existing partners of PWP and following the Closing will serve as FinTech IV’s operating partnership as part of an umbrella limited partnership C-corporation (Up-C) structure.
Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to certain conditions set forth therein, in connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the “Closing”):
(i)      FinTech IV will acquire newly-issued common units of PWP in exchange for cash in an amount equal to the outstanding excess cash balances of FinTech IV (including the proceeds from the PIPE equity financing that will close contemporaneously with the FinTech IV Business Combination) as of Closing net of redemptions elected by FinTech IV’s public stockholders pursuant to their redemption rights, with the number of such interests to be issued to be calculated based on the formula set forth in the Business Combination Agreement;
(ii)     Professionals will contribute the equity interests of PWP GP, the general partner of PWP, to FinTech IV;
(iii)    FinTech IV will issue (A) to Professionals, new shares of Class B-1 common stock, which will have 10 votes per share (for so long as Professionals or its limited partners as of the Closing maintain ownership of at least 10% of the issued and outstanding Class A common units of PWP, otherwise such Class B-1 common stock shall have one vote per share) and (B) to investor limited partners of PWP, new shares of Class B-2 common stock, which will have one vote per share, with the number of shares of such common stock to be issued to equal the number of common units of PWP that will be held by Professionals and such investor limited partners, respectively, following the Closing; and
(iv)    FinTech IV will repay certain indebtedness of PWP, pay certain expenses, retain up to $10 million of cash on its balance sheet, and subject to the availability of transaction proceeds, FinTech IV will first redeem certain limited partnership interests held by certain electing third party investor limited partners of PWP and second redeem certain electing non-working limited partners of Professionals (collectively with the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the “FinTech IV Business Combination”).
The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the consummation of the FinTech IV Business Combination by mutual written consent of the parties and in certain other limited circumstances, including if the FinTech IV Business Combination has not been consummated by June 30, 2021. The FinTech IV Business Combination is expected to close in the first half of 2021. The above description is not complete and we direct you to the public filings of FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV for more information.
FinTech V
Ms. Cohen serves as Chairman of the board of directors of FinTech V; Ms. Kohn serves as a director of FinTech V; and Messrs. Cohen, McEntee and Listman serve as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of FinTech V, a blank check company that raised $250 million in its initial public offering in December 2020 at an initial public offering price of $10.00 per share. Cantor Fitzgerald and Northland Capital Markets served as underwriters of FinTech V’s initial public offering.
110
Table of Contents
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our common stock included in the units offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of units in this offering, by:
•        each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock;
•        each of our officers, directors and director nominees upon completion of this offering that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and
•        all our officers, directors and director nominees upon completion of this offering as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus.
The following table presents the number of shares and percentage of our common stock owned by the persons named in the table before and after this offering. The pre-offering numbers and percentages presented are based on 8,645,000 founder shares outstanding. The post-offering numbers and percentages presented assume that (i) the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option, (ii) our sponsor forfeits 1,100,000 founder shares, and (iii) there are 30,180,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding after this offering.
  Before Offering
  After Offering
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)
  Number
of Shares
Beneficially
Owned(2)
  Approximate
Percentage of
Outstanding
Common Stock
  Number
of Shares
Beneficially
Owned
  Approximate
Percentage of
Outstanding
Common Stock
Betsy Z. Cohen
  —
  —
%
  —
  —
%
Daniel G. Cohen
  —
  —
%
  —
  —
%
James J. McEntee, III
  —
  —
%
  —
  —
%
Douglas Listman
  —
  —
%
  —
  —
%
Laura S. Kohn(5)
  —
  —
%
  —
  —
%
Madelyn Antoncic(5)
  —
  —
%
  —
  —
%
Ellen Warren(5)
  —
  —
%
  —
  —
%
Mona Aboelnaga Kanaan(5)
  —
  —
    —
  —%
  All executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group (8 individuals)
  —
  —
%
  —
  —
%
Greater than 5% Beneficial Owners
                    FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC(3)(4)
  8,653,333
  100.0
%
  8,213,333
  27.2
%
____________
*        less than 1%.
(1)      Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI, 2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703, Philadelphia, PA 19104.
(2)      Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities.” Includes 920,000 founder shares held by our sponsor that it has agreed to transfer to Millennium upon consummation of our initial business combination. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions” for additional information.
(3)      Shares are held by FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC, a limited liability company which is managed by Cohen Sponsor Interests VI, LLC, a limited liability company. Prior to the completion of this offering, FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC expects to transfer [              ] founder shares to FinTech Masala Advisors VI, LLC, a limited liability company which is also managed by Cohen Sponsor Interests VI, LLC. Fintech Investor Holdings VI, LLC expects to purchase 320,000 private placement units in the private placement. Our officers and directors are members of our sponsor, but none has any voting or investment power over the shares held by our sponsor. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly.
111
Table of Contents
(4)      Cohen Sponsor Interests VI, LLC is the manager of each of FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC and FinTech Masala Advisors VI, LLC. FinTech Masala, LLC is the sole member of Cohen Sponsor Interests VI, LLC. FinTech Masala Holdings, LLC is the sole member of FinTech Masala, LLC. FinTech Masala Holdings, LLC is in turn managed by its members, none of which is deemed a beneficial owner of our securities held by FinTech Masala Holdings, LLC based on the so-called “rule of three.” As a result of the foregoing, each of Cohen Sponsor Interests VI, LLC, FinTech Masala, LLC and FinTech Masala Holdings, LLC shares voting and investment power over the shares of our common stock held directly by FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC and FinTech Masala Advisors VI, LLC.
(5)      This individual is a member of our sponsor, but does not have voting or investment power over the shares held by our sponsor.
Immediately after this offering and the private placement, our initial stockholders and purchasers of placement units, other than Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium, will beneficially own 27.2% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders and our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors, amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions, including approval of our initial business combination.
To the extent the underwriters do not exercise the overallotment option, up to an aggregate of 1,100,000 founder shares will be forfeited. Our initial stockholders will be required to forfeit only a number of founder shares necessary so that the collective number of founder shares represents 25.0% of the aggregate of our founder shares, private placement shares and our public shares, in each case after giving effect to the offering and the exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ overallotment option.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination.
Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have committed separately to purchase an aggregate of 660,000 private placement units (320,000 private placement units to be purchased by our sponsor, 110,000 private placement units to be purchased by Cantor Fitzgerald and 230,000 private placement units to be purchased by Millennium) at the price of $10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $6.6 million, in the private placement that will occur simultaneously with the completion of this offering. Each private placement unit contains one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one whole warrant. Each whole warrant contained in a private placement unit entitles the holder to purchase one whole share of our Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our founder shares, private placement units or warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination with 24 months from the completion of this offering (excluding any exercise of the underwriters’ overallotment option). The private placement units and their underlying securities are subject to the transfer restrictions described below under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units”). The private placement warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. The private placement warrants may also be exercised by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees on a cashless basis. In addition, for as long as the private placement warrants are held by Cantor Fitzgerald or its designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering.
Our sponsor and executive officers are deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.
Millennium has expressed to us an interest to purchase up to 9.0% of the units sold in this offering (excluding units that may be sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option). Because this expression of interest is not a binding agreement or commitment to purchase, Millennium may determine to purchase more, fewer or no units in this offering, and we are under no obligation to accept Millennium’s offer in part or full. In the event that Millennium purchases such units (either in this offering or after) and votes them in favor of our initial business combination, a
112
Table of Contents
smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. As a result of the founder shares and private placement warrants that Millennium may hold, they may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders. Upon consummation of our initial business combination, our sponsor will transfer 920,000 founder shares to Millennium for the same price originally paid for such shares.
Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units
The founder shares and private placement units, and securities contained therein, are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions contained in the written agreements to be entered into with us by the holders of founder shares and purchasers of private placement units. These lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable: (i) in the case of the founder shares, (a) with respect to 25% of such shares, until consummation of our initial business combination, (b) with respect to 25% of such shares, when the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination, (c) with respect to 25% of such shares, when the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds $13.50 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination, and (d) with respect to 25% of such shares, when the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds $17.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier, in any case, if, following a business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the private placement units, private placement shares, private placement warrants and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon exercise thereof, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except in each case (a) to our officers, our directors, the initial stockholders or Cantor Fitzgerald, or Cantor Fitzgerald’s officers, directors or direct or indirect equityholders, (b) to an affiliate or immediate family member of any of our officers, directors, initial stockholders or Cantor Fitzgerald, (c) to any member, officer or director of our sponsor, or any immediate family member, partner, affiliate or employee of a member of our sponsor, (d) by gift to any permitted transferee under any of the immediately preceding subsections (a) through (c), a trust, the beneficiaries of which are one or more permitted transferees under any of the immediately preceding subsections (a) through (c), or a charitable organization, (e) by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of any of our officers, our directors, the initial stockholders, or members of our sponsor, or any officers, directors or direct or indirect equityholders of Cantor Fitzgerald, (f) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (g) in the event of our liquidation prior to consummation of our initial business combination, (h) by virtue of the laws of Delaware, our sponsor’s limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of any sponsor or the organizational documents of Cantor Fitzgerald upon dissolution of Cantor Fitzgerald, (i) subsequent to our initial business combination, upon and in connection with a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, (j) subsequent to our initial business combination, in the event of a consolidation merger, stock exchange or similar transaction in which the company is the surviving entity that results in a change in the majority of our board of directors or management team, (k) through private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the private placement shares or warrants were originally purchased and (l) in the case of Millennium, to its affiliates, or any investment fund or other entity controlled or managed by such investor, or to any investment manager or investment advisor of such investor or an affiliate of any such investment manager or investment advisor or to any investment fund or other entity controlled or managed by such investor; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f), (h), (k) and (l) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the letter agreement provides that, in connection with an initial business combination, the initial stockholders may transfer, assign or sell their founder shares with our consent to any person or entity that agrees in writing to be bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in the prior sentence, and any such transferee shall be a permitted transferee under the letter agreement.
113
Table of Contents
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
In February 2021, our sponsor acquired 8,653,333 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 25% of the aggregate of our founder shares, the private placement shares and our issued and outstanding public shares upon completion of this offering. If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders at 25% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Up to 1,100,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Additionally, upon consummation of our initial business combination, our sponsor will transfer 920,000 founder shares to Millennium for the same price originally paid for such shares.
Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have separately committed to purchase an aggregate of 660,000 private placement units (320,000 private placement units to be purchased by our sponsor, 110,000 private placement units to be purchased by Cantor Fitzgerald and 230,000 private placement units to be purchased by Millennium), at the price of $10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $6.6 million, in the private placement that will occur simultaneously with the completion of this offering. The private placement warrants will be identical to the warrants sold in this offering, except that if held by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees, they (a) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, (b) are not subject to being called for redemption and (c) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions (as described in more detail under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units”), be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination.. In addition, for as long as private placement warrants are held by Cantor Fitzgerald and/or its designees or affiliates, such private placement warrants will be subject to a lock-up in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(e) and may not be exercised after five years from the commencement of sales of this offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our founder shares, private placement shares or warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination.
As more fully discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, including FinTech IV, FinTech V, INSU III, FTAC Olympus, FTAC Athena, FTAC Parnassus and FTAC Hera, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to other entities that may take priority over their duties to us.
No compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination, other than (i) payment of certain consulting fees to persons engaged by an entity affiliated with certain of our directors and officers, (ii) at the closing of our initial business combination, a customary advisory fee to affiliates of our sponsor, in an amount that constitutes a market standard advisory fee for comparable transactions and services provided, and (iii) reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
Commencing on the date our securities are first listed on NASDAQ, we have agreed to pay our sponsor or its affiliate a total of $25,000 per month for office space, utilities and shared personnel support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
114
Table of Contents
Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier of June 30, 2021 or the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the offering proceeds not held in the trust account. The value of our sponsor’s interest in this transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts.
In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans may be convertible into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender.
Up to $2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender at the time of the business combination. The units would be identical to the private placement units. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC has agreed that, if the trust account is liquidated without the consummation of a business combination, it will indemnify us to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or any claims by a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below $10.00 per public share, except for any claims by any third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account, regardless of whether such waiver is enforceable, and except for claims arising from our obligation to indemnify the underwriters of this offering pursuant to the underwriting agreement for this offering. We have not independently verified whether FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, we have not asked FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC to reserve for such obligations and it may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We believe the likelihood of FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all third parties that provide products or services to us and prospective target businesses execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account.
After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
We will enter into a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement shares, private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, which is described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Registration Rights.”
Millennium has expressed to us an interest to purchase up to 9.0% of the units sold in this offering (excluding units that may be sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option). Because this expression of interest is not a binding agreement or commitment to purchase, Millennium may determine to purchase more, fewer or no units in this offering, and we are under no obligation to accept Millennium’s offer in part or full. In the event that Millennium purchases such units (either in this offering or after) and votes them in favor of our initial business combination, a smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. As a result of the founder shares and private placement units that Millennium may hold, they may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders.
115
Table of Contents
Related Party Policy
We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy.
Prior to the consummation of this offering, we will adopt a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics that we plan to adopt prior to the consummation of this offering is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.
In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we will adopt prior to the consummation of this offering, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter that we plan to adopt prior to the consummation of this offering will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.
These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer.
To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder’s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:
•        Repayment of an aggregate of up to $300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor;
•        Payment to our sponsor or its affiliate of $25,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and shared personnel support services;
•        Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination;
•        payment of certain consulting fees to persons engaged by an entity affiliated with certain of our directors and officers;
•        at the closing of our initial business combination, a customary advisory fee to affiliates of our sponsor, in an amount that constitutes a market standard advisory fee for comparable transactions and services provided; and
•        Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates.
116
Table of Contents
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, $0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
Units
Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one whole share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.
The Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless the representative informs us of its decision (based upon, among other things, their assessment of the relative strengths of the securities markets, of comparably capitalized companies and of blank check companies in general, and the trading pattern of, and demand for, our securities in particular) to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the shares of Class A common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants.
In no event will the Class A common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes this audited balance sheet upon the completion of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days after the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
Common Stock
Upon the closing of this offering, 30,213,333 shares of our common stock will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of 1,100,000 founder shares by our sponsor), consisting of:
•        22,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock underlying the units being offered in this offering;
•        660,000 shares of our Class A common stock underlying the private placement units being offered in the private placement; and
•        7,553,333 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders.
If we increase or decrease the size of this offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of founder shares by our initial stockholders prior to this offering at 25% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering.
Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of our Class B common stock will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. On any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single
117
Table of Contents
class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.
Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination.
In accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.
We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the representative. Our sponsor, officers and directors, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have entered into written agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written
118
Table of Contents
notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our stockholders’ inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor, officers and directors’ founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 7,233,335, or 32.9%, of the 22,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph).
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial stockholders, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period. Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares they acquire.
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.
119
Table of Contents
Founder Shares
The founder shares and private placement shares are each identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares or private placement shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to our initial business combination; (ii) the founder shares and private placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units”, and (iii) each holder of founder shares has agreed, and each purchaser of private placement units will agree, to waive his, her or its redemption rights with respect to his, her or its founder shares and private placement shares, (A) in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (B) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the completion of this offering (excluding any exercise of the underwriters’ overallotment option), (C) if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the 24 month period and (D) upon our liquidation prior to the expiration of the 24 month period. To the extent holders of founder shares or purchasers of private placement units transfer any of these securities, such transferees will agree, as a condition to such transfer, to waive these same redemption rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor and the other initial stockholders have agreed, and our officers and directors will each agree, to vote their respective founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of the business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis 25% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering, including private placement shares, plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination.
With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to certain permitted transferees, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) (i) with respect to 25% of such shares, until consummation of our initial business combination, (ii) with respect to 25% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination, (iii) with respect to 25% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds $13.50 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination, and (iv) with respect to 25% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds $17.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier, in any case, if, following a business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Preferred Stock
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying,
120
Table of Contents
deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering.
Redeemable Warrants
Public Stockholders’ Warrants
Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of this offering or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit.
We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
Redemption of Warrants for Cash.    Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption:
•        in whole and not in part;
•        at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
•        upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”) to each warrant holder; and
•        if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
121
Table of Contents
If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the $11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.
Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise.    If we call the warrants for redemption for cash as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the “fair market value” in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below.
A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person’s affiliates), to the warrant agent’s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.8% or 9.8% (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.
If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.
122
Table of Contents
In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event.
If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock.
Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.
In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants.
The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants.
In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by us and in the case of any such issuance to our sponsors or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder
123
Table of Contents
shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 50% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock or any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.
No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder.
Private Placement Warrants
The private placement warrants (including the warrants included in the units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units,” to our officers, directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to our sponsor, each of which will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Each of the warrants included in the units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans shall be identical to the private placement warrants. In addition, for as long as placement warrants are held by Cantor Fitzgerald and/or its designees or affiliates, such placement warrants will be subject to a lock-up in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(e) and may not be exercised after five years from the commencement of sales of this offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A).
If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent.
In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units.
124
Table of Contents
Dividends
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase the size of this offering, in which case we will effect a stock dividend immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of founder shares by our initial stockholders prior to this offering at 25% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.
Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent
The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity.
Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65% of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 27.2% of our issued and outstanding common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that:
•        If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;
•        Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination;
•        Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;
125
Table of Contents
•        If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;
•        Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;
•        If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and
•        We will not complete our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination.
Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
We will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a “business combination” with:
•        a stockholder who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an “interested stockholder”);
•        an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or
•        an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.
A “business combination” includes a merger or sale of more than 10% of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:
•        our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an “interested stockholder,” prior to the date of the transaction;
•        after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or
•        on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.
126
Table of Contents
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our board of directors will be classified into two classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings.
Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval (including a specified future issuance) and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.
Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Special meeting of stockholders
Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman.
Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations
Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.
127
Table of Contents
Action by written consent
Subsequent to the consummation of this offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock.
Classified Board of Directors
Our board of directors will initially be divided into two classes, Class I and Class II, with members of each class serving staggered two-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office.
Class B Common Stock Consent Right
For so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted.
128
Table of Contents
SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE
Immediately after the consummation of this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) we will have 30,213,333 (or 34,613,333 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 22,000,000 shares (or 25,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 7,553,333 (or 8,653,333 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) founder shares and all 635,000 private placement units are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and the shares of Class B common stock and private placement units (including securities contained therein) are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in this prospectus. These restricted securities will be subject to registration rights as more fully described below under “— Registration Rights.”
Rule 144
Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.
Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:
•        1% of the total number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding, which will equal 220,000 shares immediately after this offering (or 253,000 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or
•        the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies
Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:
•        the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
•        the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
•        the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and
•        at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
As a result, our initial stockholders, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement units (including securities contained therein), as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.
129
Table of Contents
Registration Rights
The holders of the founder shares, private placement units (including securities contained therein) and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants included in the units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cantor Fitzgerald may not exercise any demand and “piggyback” registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and may not exercise any demand rights on more than one occasion. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Listing of Securities
We intend to apply to list out units on NASDAQ under the symbol “FTVIU”. We expect that our units will be listed on NASDAQ on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. Following the date the shares of our Class A common stock and public warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that our Class A common stock and public warrants will be separately listed on NASDAQ under the symbols “FTVI” and “FTVIW”, respectively.
130
Table of Contents
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
The following discussion is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our units, shares of Class A common stock and warrants, which we refer to collectively as our securities. Because the components of a unit are separable at the option of the holder, the holder of a unit generally should be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as the owner of the underlying Class A common stock and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant components of the unit, as the case may be. As a result, the discussion below with respect to actual holders of Class A common stock and warrants should also apply to holders of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying Class A common stock and warrants that comprise the units). This discussion applies only to securities that are held as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is applicable only to holders who purchased units in this offering.
This discussion is a summary only and does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, including but not limited to the alternative minimum tax, the Medicare tax on certain investment income and the different consequences that may apply if you are subject to special rules that apply to certain types of investors, including but not limited to:
•        financial institutions or financial services entities;
•        broker-dealers;
•        governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof;
•        regulated investment companies;
•        real estate investment trusts;
•        expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States;
•        persons that actually or constructively own five percent or more of our voting shares;
•        insurance companies;
•        dealers or traders subject to a mark-to-market method of accounting with respect to the securities;
•        persons holding the securities as part of a “straddle,” hedge, integrated transaction or similar transaction;
•        U.S. holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;
•        partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any beneficial owners of such entities; and
•        tax-exempt entities.
This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations as of the date hereof, which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis, and changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this prospectus may affect the tax consequences described herein. This discussion does not address any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. taxation, or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes (such as gift and estate taxes).
You are urged to consult your tax advisor with respect to the application of U.S. federal tax laws to your particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign jurisdiction.
Personal Holding Company Status
We could be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company, or PHC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50%
131
Table of Contents
of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents).
Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50% of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not be a PHC following this offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20%, on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments.
Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit
No statutory, administrative or judicial authority directly addresses the treatment of a unit or instruments similar to a unit for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. The acquisition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the acquisition of one share of our Class A common stock and one-fourth of one warrant to acquire one share of our Class A common stock. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit must allocate the purchase price paid by such holder for such unit between the one share of Class A common stock and the one-fourth of one warrant based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. The price allocated to each share of Class A common stock and the one-fourth of one warrant should be the stockholder’s tax basis in such share or one-fourth of one warrant, as the case may be. Any disposition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a disposition of the share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one warrant comprising the unit, and the amount realized on the disposition should be allocated between the Class A common stock and the one-fourth of one warrant based on their respective relative fair market values at the time of disposition. The separation of shares of Class A common stock and warrants comprising units should not be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The foregoing treatment of the shares of Class A common stock and warrants and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult its own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit). The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
U.S. Holders
This section applies to you if you are a “U.S. holder.” A U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of our units, shares of Class A common stock or warrants who or that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
•        an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;
•        a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
•        an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or
•        a trust, if (i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons (as defined in the Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States person.
132
Table of Contents
Taxation of Distributions.    If we pay distributions in cash or other property to U.S. holders of shares of our Class A common stock, such distributions generally will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will constitute a return of capital that will be applied against and reduce (but not below zero) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in our Class A common stock. Any remaining excess will be treated as gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the Class A common stock and will be treated as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants” below.
Dividends we pay to a U.S. holder that is a taxable corporation generally will qualify for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding period is satisfied. With certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations), and provided certain holding period requirements are met, dividends we pay to a non-corporate U.S. holder generally will constitute “qualified dividends” that will be subject to tax at preferential long-term capital gains rates. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the Class A common stock described in this prospectus may prevent a U.S. holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements with respect to the dividends received deduction or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income, as the case may be. If the holding period requirements are not satisfied, then a corporation may not be able to qualify for the dividends received deduction and would have taxable income equal to the entire dividend amount, and non-corporate holders may be subject to tax on such dividend at regular ordinary income tax rates instead of the preferential rate that applies to qualified dividend income.
Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants.    Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our Class A common stock or warrants which, in general, would include a redemption of Class A common stock or warrants that is treated as a sale of such securities as described below, and including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period, a U.S. holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Class A common stock or warrants. Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder’s holding period for the Class A common stock or warrants so disposed of exceeds one year. It is unclear, however, whether the redemption rights with respect to the Class A common stock described in this prospectus may suspend the running of the applicable holding period for this purpose. If the running of the holding period for the Class A common stock is suspended, then non-corporate U.S. holders may not be able to satisfy the one-year holding period requirement for long-term capital gain treatment, in which case any gain on a sale or taxable disposition of the shares or warrants would be subject to short-term capital gain treatment and would be taxed at regular ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. holders will be eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Generally, the amount of gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder is an amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition (or, if the Class A common stock or warrants are held as part of units at the time of the disposition, the portion of the amount realized on such disposition that is allocated to the Class A common stock or the warrants based upon the then fair market values of the Class A common stock and the warrants included in the units) and (ii) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Class A common stock or warrants so disposed of. A U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Class A common stock or warrants generally will equal the U.S. holder’s acquisition cost (that is, as discussed above, the portion of the purchase price of a unit allocated to a share of Class A common stock or one-fourth of one warrant or, as discussed below, the U.S. holder’s initial basis for Class A common stock received upon exercise of warrants) less, in the case of a share of Class A common stock, any prior distributions treated as a return of capital.
Redemption of Class A Common Stock.    In the event that a U.S. holder’s Class A common stock is redeemed pursuant to the redemption provisions described in this prospectus under the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Common Stock” or if we purchase a U.S. holder’s Class A common stock in an open market transaction (each of which we refer to as a “redemption”), the treatment of the transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on whether the redemption qualifies as a sale of the Class A common stock under Section 302 of the Code. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of common stock, the U.S. holder will be treated as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants” above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of common stock, the
133
Table of Contents
U.S. holder will be treated as receiving a corporate distribution with the tax consequences described above under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions”. Whether a redemption qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares of our stock treated as held by the U.S. holder (including any stock constructively owned by the U.S. holder as a result of owning warrants) relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after the redemption. The redemption of Class A common stock generally will be treated as a sale of the Class A common stock (rather than as a corporate distribution) if the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to the U.S. holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of the U.S. holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to the U.S. holder. These tests are explained more fully below.
In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. holder takes into account not only stock actually owned by the U.S. holder, but also shares of our stock that are constructively owned by it. A U.S. holder may constructively own, in addition to stock owned directly, stock owned by certain related individuals and entities in which the U.S. holder has an interest or that have an interest in such U.S. holder, as well as any stock the U.S. holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include Class A common stock which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of the warrants. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately following the redemption of Class A common stock must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately before the redemption. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. holder’s interest if either (i) all of the shares of our stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder are redeemed or (ii) all of the shares of our stock actually owned by the U.S. holder are redeemed and the U.S. holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of stock owned by certain family members and the U.S. holder does not constructively own any other shares of our stock. The redemption of the Class A common stock will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if the redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of the U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances.
However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority stockholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” A U.S. holder should consult with its own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of a redemption.
If none of the foregoing tests is satisfied, then the redemption will be treated as a corporate distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis of the U.S. holder in the redeemed Class A common stock will be added to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its remaining stock, or, if it has none, to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its warrants or possibly in other stock constructively owned by it.
Exercise or Lapse of a Warrant.    Except as discussed below with respect to the cashless exercise of a warrant, a U.S. holder generally will not recognize taxable gain or loss on the acquisition of common stock upon exercise of a warrant for cash. The U.S. holder’s tax basis in the share of our Class A common stock received upon exercise of the warrant generally will be an amount equal to the sum of the U.S. holder’s initial investment in the warrant (i.e., the portion of the U.S. holder’s purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price. It is unclear whether the U.S. holder’s holding period for the Class A common stock received upon exercise of the warrants will begin on the date following the date of exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrants; in either case, the holding period will not include the period during which the U.S. holder held the warrants. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the warrant.
The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the exercise is not a realization event or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either tax-free situation, a U.S. holder’s basis in the Class A common stock received would equal the holder’s basis in the warrants exercised therefor. If the cashless exercise were treated as not being a realization event, it is unclear when a U.S. holder’s holding period in the Class A common stock would be treated as commencing. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the Class A common stock would include the holding period of the warrants exercised therefor.
134
Table of Contents
It is also possible that a cashless exercise could be treated in whole or in part as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a U.S. holder could be deemed to have surrendered a number of warrants having an aggregate fair market value equal to the exercise price for the total number of warrants to be exercised. The U.S. holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the Class A common stock received in respect of the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed surrendered. In this case, a U.S. holder’s tax basis in the Class A common stock received would equal the sum of the U.S. holder’s initial investment in the warrants exercised (i.e., the portion of the U.S. holder’s purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price of such warrants. It is unclear whether a U.S. holder’s holding period for the Class A common stock would commence on the date following the date of exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrant; in either case, the holding period would not include the period during which the U.S. holder held the warrant.
Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, including when a U.S. holder’s holding period would commence with respect to the Class A common stock received, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law.
Accordingly, U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise.
Possible Constructive Distributions.    The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A common stock for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants.” An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. The U.S. holders of the warrants would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment to the number of such shares or to such exercise price increases the warrant holders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of shares of Class A common stock that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease in the exercise price of the warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property, such as other securities, to the holders of shares of our Class A common stock, or as a result of the issuance of a stock dividend to holders of shares of our Class A common stock, in each case which is taxable to the U.S. holders of such shares as a distribution. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax in the same manner as if the U.S. holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest resulting from the adjustment.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding.    In general, information reporting requirements may apply to dividends paid to a U.S. holder and to the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of our units, shares of Class A common stock and warrants, unless the U.S. holder is an exempt recipient. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if the U.S. holder fails to provide a taxpayer identification number, a certification of exempt status or has been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup withholding (and such notification has not been withdrawn).
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against a U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
All U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of information reporting and backup withholding to them.
Non-U.S. Holders
This section applies to you if you are a “Non-U.S. holder.” As used herein, the term “Non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of our units, Class A common stock or warrants who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
•        a non-resident alien individual (other than certain former citizens and residents of the United States subject to U.S. tax as expatriates);
135
Table of Contents
•        a foreign corporation or
•        an estate or trust that is not a U.S. holder;
but generally does not include an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition. If you are such an individual, you should consult your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or sale or other disposition of our securities.
Taxation of Distributions.    In general, any distributions (including constructive distributions) we make to a Non-U.S. holder of shares of our Class A common stock, to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, provided such dividends are not effectively connected with the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States, we will be required to withhold tax from the gross amount of the dividend at a rate of 30%, unless such Non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable income tax treaty and provides proper certification of its eligibility for such reduced rate (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E). In the case of any constructive dividend, it is possible that this tax would be withheld from any amount owed to a Non-U.S. holder by the applicable withholding agent, including cash distributions on other property or sales proceeds from warrants or other property subsequently paid or credited to such holder. Any distribution not constituting a dividend will be treated first as reducing (but not below zero) the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our Class A common stock and, to the extent such distribution exceeds the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis, as gain realized from the sale or other disposition of the Class A common stock, which will be treated as described under “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants” below. In addition, if we determine that we are classified as a “United States real property holding corporation” (see “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants” below), we will withhold 15% of any distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits.
The withholding tax does not apply to dividends paid to a Non-U.S. holder who provides a Form W-8ECI, certifying that the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States. Instead, the effectively connected dividends will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States resident, subject to an applicable income tax treaty providing otherwise. A Non-U.S. corporation receiving effectively connected dividends may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” imposed at a rate of 30% (or a lower applicable treaty rate).
Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants. A Non-U.S. holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax in respect of gain recognized on a sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of our Class A common stock, which would include a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, or warrants (including an expiration or redemption of our warrants), in each case without regard to whether those securities were held as part of a unit, unless:
•        the gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the Non-U.S. holder within the United States (and, under certain income tax treaties, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the Non-U.S. holder); or
•        we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of disposition or the period that the Non-U.S. holder held our Class A common stock, and, in the case where shares of our Class A common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market, the Non-U.S. holder has owned, directly or constructively, more than 5% of our Class A common stock at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the disposition or such Non-U.S. holder’s holding period for the shares of our Class A common stock. There can be no assurance that our Class A common stock will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for this purpose.
136
Table of Contents
Unless an applicable treaty provides otherwise, gain described in the first bullet point above will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States resident. Any gains described in the first bullet point above of a Non-U.S. holder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate (or lower treaty rate).
If the second bullet point above applies to a Non-U.S. holder, gain recognized by such holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition of our Class A common stock or warrants will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of our Class A common stock or warrants from such holder may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 15% of the amount realized upon such disposition. We cannot determine whether we will be a United States real property holding corporation in the future until we complete an initial business combination. We will be classified as a United States real property holding corporation if the fair market value of our “United States real property interests” equals or exceeds 50 percent of the sum of the fair market value of our worldwide real property interests plus our other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Redemption of Class A Common Stock.    The characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of a Non-U.S. holder’s Class A common stock generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of such a redemption of a U.S. holder’s Class A common stock, as described under “U.S. Holders — Redemption of Class A Common Stock” above, and the consequences of the redemption to the Non-U.S. holder will be as described above under “Non-U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions” and “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants,” as applicable.
Exercise of a Warrant.    The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a Non-U.S. holder’s exercise of a warrant, or the lapse of a warrant held by a Non-U.S. holder, generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the exercise or lapse of a warrant by a U.S. holder, as described under “U.S. holders — Exercise or Lapse of a Warrant” above, although to the extent a cashless exercise results in a taxable exchange, the consequences would be similar to those described below in “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Common Stock and Warrants.”
Possible Constructive Distributions.    The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A common stock for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants.” An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. The Non-U.S. holders of the warrants would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment to the number of such shares or to such exercise price increases the warrantholders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of shares of Class A common stock that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease in the exercise price of the warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property, such as other securities, to the holders of shares of our Class A common stock, or as a result of the issuance of a stock dividend to holders of shares of our Class A common stock, in each case which is taxable to the holders of such shares as a distribution. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest resulting from the adjustment.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding.    Information returns will be filed with the IRS in connection with payments of dividends and the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our units, shares of Class A common stock and warrants. A Non-U.S. holder may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that it is not a United States person in order to avoid information reporting and backup withholding requirements. The certification procedures required to claim a reduced rate of withholding under a treaty generally will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid the backup withholding as well.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a Non-U.S. holder will be allowed as a credit against such holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
All Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of information reporting and backup withholding to them.
137
Table of Contents
FATCA Withholding Taxes.    Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance promulgated thereunder (commonly referred as the “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act”or “FATCA”) generally impose withholding at a rate of 30% in certain circumstances on dividends in respect of our securities which are held by or through certain foreign financial institutions (including investment funds), unless any such institution (1) enters into, and complies with, an agreement with the IRS to report, on an annual basis, information with respect to interests in, and accounts maintained by, the institution that are owned by certain U.S. persons and by certain non-U.S. entities that are wholly or partially owned by U.S. persons and to withhold on certain payments, or (2) if required under an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country, reports such information to its local tax authority, which will exchange such information with the U.S. authorities. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country may modify these requirements. Accordingly, the entity through which our securities are held will affect the determination of whether such withholding is required. Similarly, dividends in respect of our securities held by an investor that is a non-financial non-U.S. entity that does not qualify under certain exceptions will generally be subject to withholding at a rate of 30%, unless such entity either (1) certifies to us or the applicable withholding agent that such entity does not have any “substantial United States owners” or (2) provides certain information regarding the entity’s “substantial United States owners,” which will in turn be provided to the U.S. Department of Treasury. All prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in our securities.
138
Table of Contents
UNDERWRITING
In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions contained in an underwriting agreement, we have agreed to sell to the underwriters named below, for which Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. is acting as representative and sole book-running manager, and the underwriters have severally, and not jointly, agreed to purchase, on a firm commitment basis, the number of units offered in this offering set forth opposite their respective names below.
Underwriter
  Number of Units
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.
    Total
  22,000,000
A copy of the underwriting agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The underwriting agreement provides that the obligation of the underwriters to purchase all of the 22,000,000 units being offered to the public is subject to specific conditions, including the absence of any material adverse change in our business or in the financial markets, the purchase by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium of an aggregate of 660,000 private placement units (320,000 private placement units to be purchased by the sponsor, 110,000 private placement units to be purchased by Cantor Fitzgerald and 230,000 private placement units to be purchased by Cantor Fitzgerald) at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit in the private placement occurring simultaneously with the completion of this offering, and the receipt of certain legal opinions, certificates and letters from us, our counsel and the independent auditors. Subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters will purchase all of the 22,000,000 units being offered to the public, other than those covered by the over-allotment option described below, if any of these units are purchased.
Cantor Fitzgerald has committed that it will purchase 110,000 private placement units for an aggregate purchase price of $1,100,000, or $10.00 a unit, in the private placement. The private placement units are identical to the units being sold in this offering except as described elsewhere in this prospectus. The private placement units and underlying Class A common stock and private placement warrants have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1) for 180 days from the commencement of sales of this offering. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of this offering except to any FINRA member participating in this offering and the bona fide officers or partners, associated persons or affiliates of such participating FINRA member. In addition, for as long as private placement warrants are held by Cantor Fitzgerald and/or its permitted designees, such private placement warrants may not be exercised after five years from the commencement of sales of this offering. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
We have granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 3,300,000 additional units at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The option may be exercised only to cover any over-allotments of units.
The underwriters may deliver prospectuses via e-mail both as a PDF document and by a link to the SEC’s website and websites hosted by the underwriters and other parties, and the prospectus may also be made available on websites maintained by selected dealers and selling group members participating in this offering. The underwriters may agree to allocate a number of units to selling group members for sale to their online brokerage account holders. Internet distributions may be allocated by the underwriters to selling group members that may make Internet distributions on the same basis as other allocations.
Pricing of Securities
We have been advised by the underwriters that they propose to offer the units to the public at the initial offering price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. The underwriters may allow dealers concessions not in excess of $           per unit and the dealers may re-allow a concession not in excess of $           per unit to other dealers. After the initial public offering, the public offering price, concession and discount may be changed.
139
Table of Contents
Before this offering, there has been no market for our securities. The initial public offering price of the units and terms of the warrants were determined by negotiation between us and the underwriters and will not necessarily reflect the market price of our securities following this offering. The principal factors that were considered in determining the terms and prices of such securities were:
•        the information presented in this prospectus and otherwise available to the underwriters;
•        the history of and prospects of other companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;
•        prior offerings of those other companies;
•        the ability of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;
•        our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;
•        the present state of our development and our current financial condition and capital structure;
•        the recent market prices of, and the demand for, publicly traded securities of generally comparable companies;
•        general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the offering; and
•        other factors as were deemed relevant.
The factors described above were not assigned any particular weight. Rather, these factors were considered as a totality in our negotiation with the underwriters over our initial public offering price. We offer no assurances that the initial public offering price will correspond to the price at which our units will trade in the public market subsequent to the offering or that an active trading market for the units, common stock or warrants will develop and continue after the offering.
Stabilization and Other Transactions
The underwriters pursuant to Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, may engage in short sale transactions, stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions or the imposition of penalty bids in connection with this offering. These activities may have the effect of stabilizing or maintaining the market price of the units at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. Establishing short sales positions may involve either “covered” short sales or “naked” short sales.
“Covered” short sales are sales made in an amount not greater than the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units in this offering. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising the overallotment option or purchasing our securities in the open market or from market participants. In determining the source of units to close out the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the overallotment option.
“Naked” short sales are sales in excess of the option to purchase additional units. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing units in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering.
A stabilizing bid is a bid for the purchase of securities on behalf of the underwriters for the purpose of fixing or maintaining the price of the securities. A syndicate covering transaction is the bid for or the purchase of securities on behalf of the underwriters to reduce a short position incurred by the underwriters in connection with the offering. Similar to other purchase transactions, the underwriters’ purchases to cover the syndicate short sales may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our securities or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our securities. As a result, the price of our securities may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the open market. A penalty bid is an arrangement permitting the underwriters to reclaim the selling concession otherwise accruing to a syndicate member in connection with the offering if the securities originally sold by such syndicate member are purchased in a syndicate covering transaction and therefore have not been effectively placed by such syndicate member.
140
Table of Contents
Neither we, nor any of the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our securities. The underwriters are not obligated to engage in these activities and, if commenced, may end any of these activities at any time.
Commissions and Discounts
The following table summarizes the compensation we will pay:
Fees
  Fee
per Unit
  Without Exercise of the Over-allotment Option
  With Exercise of Over-allotment Option
Public offering price
  $
10.00
  $
220,000,000
  $
253,000,000
Underwriting discount(1)
  $
0.20
  $
4,400,000
  $
4,400,000
Deferred underwriting discount(2)
  $
0.40
  $
8,800,000
  $
10,780,000
Proceeds before expenses
  $
9.40
  $
206,800,000
  $
237,820,000
____________
(1)      Based on the underwriter’s discount equal to 2.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of units sold to the public, excluding any units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
(2)      Based on the deferred underwriting discount payable to the representative equal to 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the initial $220.0 million in units sold to the public and 6.0% of the gross proceeds from the units sold pursuant to the over-allotment option. The deferred underwriting discount will be deposited in the trust account as deferred underwriting commissions and will become payable from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event we consummate our initial business combination. Fee per unit shown assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ overallotment option.
Reimbursement of Expenses
We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the underwriters during the registration process, including legal fees and expenses incurred to clear the offering with FINRA, as well as background searches of our officers and directors (not to exceed $2,500 per person), net roadshow expenses, and lucite cube mementos, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $75,000.
Other Services
Except as set forth above, we are not under any contractual obligation to engage the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, the underwriters may, among other things, introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital, as needs may arise in the future. If the underwriters provides services to us after this offering, we may pay the underwriters fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to the underwriters prior to the date which is 90 days after the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering.
Indemnification
Pursuant to the terms of the underwriting agreement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities, including civil liabilities under the Securities Act relating to losses or claims resulting from material misstatements in or omissions from the registration statement and liabilities arising from breach of the underwriting agreement or the breach of our representations, warranties and covenants contained in the underwriting agreement. We are also obligated to pay for the defense of any claims against the underwriter. If we are unable to provide this indemnification, we will contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make with respect to these liabilities. Our obligations under this section of the underwriting agreement continue after the closing of this offering.
141
Table of Contents
Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area
In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area that has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a “relevant member state”), with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that relevant member state (the “relevant implementation date”), an offer of units described in this prospectus may not be made to the public in that relevant member state prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units that has been approved by the competent authority in that relevant member state or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant member state and notified to the competent authority in that relevant member state, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, except that, with effect from and including the relevant implementation date, an offer of our units may be made to the public in that relevant member state at any time:
•        to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive;
•        to fewer than 100, or, if the relevant member state has implemented the relevant provisions of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive), as permitted under the Prospectus Directive, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined below) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriter for any such offer; or
•        in any other circumstances that do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive,
provided that no such offer of units referred to in the bullet points above shall require us or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the Prospectus Directive.
Each purchaser of units described in this prospectus located within a relevant member state will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that it is a “qualified investor” within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive.
For the purpose of this provision, the expression an “offer of units to the public” in any relevant member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the units, as the expression may be varied in that member state by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that member state, and the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the 2010 PD Amending Directive to the extent implemented by the relevant member state) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each relevant member state. The expression 2010 PD Amending Directive means Directive 2010/73/EU.
We have not authorized and do not authorize the making of any offer of units through any financial intermediary on their behalf, other than offers made by the underwriters with a view to the final placement of the units as contemplated in this prospectus. Accordingly, no purchaser of the units, other than the underwriters, is authorized to make any further offer of the units on behalf of us or the underwriters.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom
This prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, persons in the United Kingdom that are qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive that are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (each such person being referred to as a “relevant person”). The units are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such units will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. This prospectus and its contents are confidential and should not be distributed, published or reproduced (in whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other persons in the United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.
142
Table of Contents
Notice to Prospective Investors in France
Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or by the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and notified to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The units have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units has been or will be:
•        released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or
•        used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the units to the public in France.
Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only:
•        to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier;
•        to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or
•        in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2-II-1°-or-2°-or 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public à l’épargne).
The units may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance with articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong
The units may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the units may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to units which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore
This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the units may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the units be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to compliance with conditions set forth in the SFA.
143
Table of Contents
Where the units are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is
•        a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
•        a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor,
shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
•        to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than $200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA;
•        where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or
•        where the transfer is by operation of law.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan
The securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law) and each underwriter has agreed that it will not offer or sell any securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Canada
The units may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the units must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
144
Table of Contents
LEGAL MATTERS
Ledgewood PC, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is acting as counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act, and as such, will pass upon the validity of the securities offered in this prospectus. In connection with this offering, Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, New York, New York, is acting as counsel to the underwriters.
EXPERTS
The financial statements of FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI as of February 8, 2021, and for period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through February 8, 2021, have been audited by WithumSmith+Brown, PC, independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is incorporated herein. Such financial statements have been incorporated herein in reliance on the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.
Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
145
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
  F-2
Balance Sheet
  F-3
Statement of Operations
  F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity
  F-5
Statement of Cash Flows
  F-6
Notes to Financial Statements
  F-7
F-1
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholder and the Board of Directors of
FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI (the “Company”) as of February 8, 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through February 8, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 8, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 1, 2021, (commencement of operations) through February 8, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2021.
New York, New York
February 22, 2021
F-2
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
BALANCE SHEET
FEBRUARY 8, 2021
ASSETS
        Current asset – Cash
  $
25,000
  Deferred offering costs
    10,479
  Total Assets
  $
35,479
            LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
        Current liabilities:
        Accrued expenses
  $
1,000
  Accrued offering costs
    10,479
  Total Current Liabilities
    11,479
            Commitments and Contingencies
                  Stockholder’s Equity
        Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 authorized, none issued and outstanding
    —
  Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
    —
  Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 8,653,333 shares issued and outstanding(1)
    865
  Additional paid-in capital
    24,135
  Accumulated deficit
    (1,000
)
Total Stockholder’s Equity
    24,000
  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
  $
35,479
  ____________
(1)      Includes an aggregate of 1,100,000 shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full (see Note 5).
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-3
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 1, 2021 (COMMENCEMENT OF OPERATIONS) THROUGH FEBRUARY 8, 2021
Formation and operating costs
  $
1,000
  Net Loss
  $
(1,000
)
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted(1)
    7,553,333
  Basic and diluted net loss per Class B common share
  $
(0.00
)
____________
(1)      Excludes an aggregate of 1,100,000 shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full (see Note 5).
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-4
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 1, 2021 (COMMENCEMENT OF OPERATIONS) THROUGH FEBRUARY 8, 2021
  Class B
Common Stock(1)
  Additional
Paid-in
Capital
  Accumulated
Deficit
  Total
Stockholder’s
Equity
Shares
  Amount
  Balance – January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations)
  —
  $
—
  $
—
  $
—
    $
—
  Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor(1)
  8,653,333
    865
    24,135
    —
      25,000
  Net loss
  —
    —
    —
    (1,000
)
    (1,000
)
Balance – February 8, 2021
  8,653,333
  $
865
  $
24,135
  $
(1,000
)
  $
24,000
  ____________
(1)      Includes an aggregate of 1,100,000 shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full (see Note 5).
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-5
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 1, 2021 (COMMENCEMENT OF OPERATIONS) THROUGH FEBRUARY 8, 2021
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
        Net loss
  $
(1,000
)
          Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
        Accrued expenses
    1,000
  Net cash used in operating activities
    —
            Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
        Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor
    25,000
  Net cash provided by financing activities
    25,000
            Net Change in Cash
    25,000
  Cash – Beginning
    —
  Cash – Ending
  $
25,000
            Non-Cash investing and financing activities:
        Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs
  $
10,479
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-6
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS
FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI (the “Company”), is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on November 4, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring, through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business transaction, one or more operating businesses or assets that the Company has not yet identified (a “Business Combination”).
The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.
All activity through February 8, 2021 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering (the “Proposed Offering”). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.
The Company’s ability to sustain operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a Proposed Offering of 22,000,000 units at $10.00 per unit (or 25,300,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”), which is discussed in Note 3, and the sale of 660,000 units (the “Private Placement Units”) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (“Cantor Fitzgerald”), and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of Millennium Management LLC (“Millennium”) that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Offering. The manager of FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC is Cohen Sponsor Interests VI, LLC.
The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. Nasdaq Capital Market (“NASDAQ”) rules provide that the Company’s initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Proposed Offering, management has agreed that $220,000,000 (or $253,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the net proceeds from the Proposed Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if it does not complete an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the consummation of the Proposed Offering (the “Combination Period”) or (b) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; or (iii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below, except that interest earned on the Trust Account can be released to pay the Company’s tax obligations, if the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or upon any earlier liquidation of the Company.
F-7
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.)
The Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of the Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially approximately $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the representative (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. The common stock subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC and FinTech Masala Advisors VI, LLC (collectively, the “Sponsor”) and the Company’s officers and directors (together with the Sponsor, the “Insiders”), have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), the shares of Class A common stock included in the Private Placement Units (the “Private Placement Shares”) and any Public Shares held by them in favor of approving a Business Combination.
The Company will have until the expiration of the Combination Period to consummate its initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of its affairs; (ii) distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes and up to $100,000 to pay dissolution expenses, pro rata to the public stockholders by way of redemption of the Public Shares (which redemption would completely extinguish such holders’ rights as stockholders, including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company’s net assets to its remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation.
The Company will also provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares in connection with any stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of Public Shares if it does not complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially approximately $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the representative (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights with respect to the Company’s warrants in connection with such a stockholder vote to approve such an amendment to the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may not redeem shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. The Insiders have agreed to vote any Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares held by them in favor of any such amendment.
F-8
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.)
The Insiders, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares, as applicable, (i) in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if it does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (b) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, and (iii) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Insiders have also agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Public Shares held by them in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination and in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if it does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. However, the Insiders will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to Public Shares if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination or liquidates within the Combination Period. Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any Public Shares they acquire. The representative of the underwriters has agreed to waive its rights to deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the Proposed Offering price per Unit. Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities it engages (except for the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), execute agreements with the Company waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account, there is no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC has agreed that it will be liable under certain circumstances to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by the Company for service rendered, contracted for or products sold to the Company. However, it may not be able to satisfy those obligations should they arise.
Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of its Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions in connection with its Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to an aggregate of 15% or more of the shares sold in the Proposed Offering. However, there is no restriction on the Company’s stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares for or against a Business Combination.
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of presentation
The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.
The Company does not have sufficient liquidity to meet its anticipated obligations over the next year from issuance of these financial statements. In connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-15, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern” (“ASU 2014-15”), management has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsor, and the Sponsor has the financial wherewithal to fund the Company, that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the earlier of the completion of the Proposed Offering or one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements.
F-9
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)
The Company had no activity for the period from November 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. Accordingly, the balance sheet, statement of operations and statement of cash flows for the period from November 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 are not presented.
Emerging growth company
The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting periods.
Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
Cash and cash equivalents
The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of February 8, 2021.
Deferred offering costs
Deferred offering costs consist of legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet dates that are directly related to the Proposed Offering and that will be charged to stockholder’s equity upon the completion of the Proposed Offering. Should the Proposed Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to be incurred, will be charged to operations.
F-10
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)
Income taxes
The Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740 “Income Taxes,” which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Deferred tax assets were deemed to be de minimis as of February 8, 2021.
ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of February 8, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
The Company may be subject to potential examination by federal, state and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal, state and city tax laws. The Company’s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.
The provision for income taxes was deemed to be de minimis for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through February 8, 2021.
Net loss per common share
The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 1,100,000 shares of Class B common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters (see Notes 7). At February 8, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period presented.
Concentration of credit risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution which, at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. At February 8, 2021, the Company had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.
Fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature.
Recently issued accounting standards
Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.
F-11
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3. PROPOSED OFFERING
In the Proposed Offering, the Company will offer for sale 22,000,000 units (or 25,300,000 Units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50, subject to adjustment (see Note 7).
NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT
In connection with the Proposed Offering, FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium have separately committed to purchase an aggregate of 660,000 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per unit (320,000 Private Placement Units by FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC, 110,000 Private Placement Units by Cantor Fitzgerald, and 230,000 Private Placement Units by Millennium) for an aggregate purchase price of $6,600,000 in the private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Offering. Each Private Placement Unit will consist of one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one warrant (the “Private Placement Warrant”).
Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The proceeds from the Private Placement Units will be added to the proceeds from the Proposed Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants.
NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Founder Shares
On February 3, 2021, the Company filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to, among other things, create two classes of common stock, Class A and Class B. On the same date, in February 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 8,653,333 shares of Class B common stock to FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC (the “Founder Shares”) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000.
The Founder Shares include an aggregate of 1,100,000 shares which are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Founder Shares will represent 25% of the Company’s aggregate Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and issued and outstanding Public Shares after the Proposed Offering.
The Insiders and Millennium have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares (except to permitted transferees) (i) with respect to 25% of such shares, until consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination, (ii) with respect to 25% of such shares, until the closing price of the Class A common stock exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of a Business Combination, (iii) with respect to 25% of such shares, until the closing price of the Class A common stock exceeds $13.50 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of a Business Combination, and (iv) with respect to 25% of such shares, until the closing price of the Class A common stock exceeds $17.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier, in any case, if, following a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Administrative Services Agreement
The Company agrees, commencing on the date that the Company’s securities are first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor $25,000 per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services.
F-12
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (cont.)
Promissory Note — Related Party
On February 2, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to aggregate of $300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Proposed Offering (the “Promissory Note”). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier of June 30, 2021 or the completion of the Proposed Offering. As of February 8, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the Promissory Note.
Related Party Loans
In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, members of the Company’s management team or any of their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”), which will be repaid only upon the consummation of a Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans; however, no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. If such funds are insufficient to repay the Working Capital Loans, the unpaid amounts would be forgiven. The Working Capital Loans may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the holder. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of February 8, 2021, there are no working capital loans outstanding.
NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Risks and Uncertainties
Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations, the close of the Proposed Offering and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Registration Rights
The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units (including securities contained therein) and the units that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and the warrants included in the units that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Offering, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to the Company’s Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the Company’s Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cantor Fitzgerald may not exercise any demand and “piggyback” registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years after the effective date of the Proposed Offering and may not exercise any demand rights on more than one occasion. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
F-13
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (cont.)
Underwriting Agreement
The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 3,300,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Proposed Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 2.0% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Offering, or $4,400,000. In addition, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the several underwriters, will be entitled to a deferred fee of (i) 4.0% of the gross proceeds of the initial 22,000,000 Units sold in the Proposed Offering, or $8,800,000, and (ii) 6% of the gross proceeds from the Units sold pursuant to the over-allotment option, or $1,980,000. The deferred fee will become payable to the representative from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.
NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
Preferred Stock — On February 3, 2021, the Company filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation, pursuant to which it is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s Board of Directors. At February 8, 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.
Class A Common Stock — On February 3, 2021, the Company filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation, pursuant to which it is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At February 8, 2021, there were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding.
Class B Common Stock — On February 3, 2021, the Company filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation, pursuant to which it is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company’s Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each common share. At February 8, 2021, there were 8,653,333 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, of which 1,100,000 shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter’s over-allotment option is not exercised in full so that the Founder Shares will represent 25% of the Company’s aggregate Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and issued and outstanding Public Shares after the Proposed Offering (see Note 8).
Holders of Class B common stock will vote on the election of directors prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders except as required by law.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Proposed Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of the Proposed Offering, including Private Placement Shares, plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination).
F-14
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY (cont.)
Warrants — As of February 8, 2021, there were no warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Proposed Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the Public Warrant, unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants
The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company’s Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
Redemption of Warrants for Cash.    Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption:
•        in whole and not in part;
•        at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
•        upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and
•        if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption for cash, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants.
F-15
Table of Contents
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY (cont.)
In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 50% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the completion of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company completes its Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
The Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald, Millennium or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
NOTE 8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to February 22, 2021, the date that the financial statements were available to be issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements not already disclosed.
F-16
Table of Contents
$220,000,000
FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI
22,000,000 Units
_________________________________
PROSPECTUS
, 2021
_________________________________
Sole Book-Running Manager
Cantor
Until             , 2021 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade shares of our securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
    Table of Contents
PART II
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows:
SEC filing fee
  $
27,603
FINRA filing fee
    38,450
Accounting fees and expenses
    45,000
Printing and engraving expenses
    40,000
Legal fees and expenses
    250,000
NASDAQ Capital Market fees
    75,000
Travel and roadshow
    20,000
Directors and officers insurance
    500,000
Miscellaneous expenses(1)
    203,947
Total
  $
1,200,000
____________
(1)      This amount represents additional expenses that may be incurred by us in connection with the offering over and above those specifically listed above, including distribution and mailing costs, transfer agent fees, warrant agent fees and trustee fees.
Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
Our amended and restated bylaws will provide that all of our directors, officers, employees and agents will be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below.
Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance.
(a) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust account or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful.
(b) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust account or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or
II-1
Table of Contents
matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
(c) To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith.
(d) Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders.
(e) Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate.
(f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.
(g) A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust account or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section.
(h) For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
(i) For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section.
II-2
Table of Contents
(j) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
(k) The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
The Corporation, to the full extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, as amended from time to time, shall indemnify all persons whom it may indemnify pursuant thereto. Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which such officer or director may be entitled to indemnification hereunder shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized hereby.
Our amended and restated bylaws will provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers or other persons, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.
We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters, and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify us, against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act.
Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
In February 2021, our sponsor purchased 8,653,333 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 25% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of this offering. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. Upon consummation of our initial business combination, our sponsor will transfer 920,000 shares of Class B common stock to Millennium Management LLC for the same price originally paid for such shares.
The Company’s sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald and Millennium, a qualified institutional buyer (together with its affiliates), have separately committed that they will purchase an aggregate of 660,000 private placement units. The Company will receive an aggregate of $6,600,000 from these sales of private placement units. The foregoing purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
II-3
Table of Contents
No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
In addition, if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, we may effect a stock dividend immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain our sponsor’s collective ownership of founder shares at 25% of the aggregate of our founder shares, private placement shares and our public shares upon consummation of the offering. If we decrease the size of the offering, we expect to effect a reverse split of our common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain our sponsor’s collective ownership of founder shares at 25% of the aggregate of our founder shares, private placement shares and our public shares of upon the date of this prospectus. Any such increased number of shares will be subject to forfeiture in the event that the underwriters’ overallotment option is not exercised in full. Any such decreased number of shares will be forfeited, with the remainder subject to forfeiture in the event that the underwriter’s overallotment option is not exercised in full.
Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement:
Exhibit No.
  Description
1.1
  Form of Underwriting Agreement.*
3.1(a)
  Certificate of Incorporation.**
3.1(b)
  Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation.**
3.1(c)
  Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.*
3.2(a)
  Bylaws.**
3.2(b)
  Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws.*
4.1
  Specimen Unit Certificate.*
4.2
  Specimen Common Stock Certificate.*
4.3
  Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4).*
4.4
  Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
5.1
  Opinion of Ledgewood, P.C.*
10.1
  Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
10.2
  Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and security holders.*
10.3
  Form of Placement Unit Subscription Agreement with FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC.*
10.4
  Form of Placement Unit Subscription Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.*
10.5
  Form of Purchase Agreement with Millennium Management LLC*
10.6
  Form of Letter Agreement by and between the Registrant, the Registrant’s security holders named therein, and the officers and directors of the Registrant.*
10.7
  Form of Indemnity Agreement.*
10.8
  Promissory Note for expenses prior to initial public offering expenses from FinTech Investor Holdings VI, LLC to Registrant.**
10.9
  Form of Administrative Services Agreement.*
14.1
  Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.*
23.1
  Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC.**
23.2
  Consent of Ledgewood, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1).*
24.1
  Powers of Attorney (included on signature page of the Registration Statement).**
99.1
  Form of Audit Committee Charter.*
99.2
  Form of Compensation Committee Charter.*
99.3
  Consent of Laura S. Kohn**
99.4
  Consent of Madelyn Antoncic**
99.5
  Consent of Ellen Warren**
99.6
  Consent of Mona Aboelnaga Kanaan**
____________
*        To be filed by amendment
**      Filed herewith
II-4
Table of Contents
Item 17. Undertakings.
(a) The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreement, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
(b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
(c) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
(1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
(2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
II-5
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Philadelphia, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on this 23rd day of February, 2021.
  FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. VI
    By:
  /s/ Daniel G. Cohen
    Name:
  Daniel G. Cohen
    Title:
  Chief Executive Officer
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned constitutes and appoints each of Daniel G. Cohen and James J. McEntee III, each acting alone, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Registration Statement on Form S-1 (including all pre-effective and post-effective amendments and registration statements filed pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act of 1933), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that any such attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Name
  Position
  Date
/s/ Daniel G. Cohen
  Chief Executive Officer
  February 23, 2021
Daniel G. Cohen
  (Principal Executive Officer)
    /s/ Douglas Listman
  Chief Financial Officer
  February 23, 2021
Douglas Listman
  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
    /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen
  Chairman of the Board of Directors
  February 23, 2021
Betsy Z. Cohen
        II-6